.TH f_capability_owner_set "3" "February 2024" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.9" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_capability_owner_set
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/capability.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_capability_owner_set\fP(
    \fBconst f_capability_t \fP\fIcapability\fP,
    \fBconst uid_t          \fP\fIid_user\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Set the namespace owner for the current process.
.PP
Note: the return codes may not make sense. the documentation for cap_set_owner() designates them as the return codes. however, it is suspected that this is not the case. For consistency with the documentation, return the codes anyway.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B capability
The capability.

.TP
.B id_user
The ID of the user.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_access_denied\fP (with error bit) on access denied.
.br
\fBF_descriptor_not\fP (with error bit) if the file descriptor is invalid.
.br
\fBF_directory_not\fP (with error bit) if a directory containing the file does not exist.
.br
\fBF_file_found_not\fP (with error bit) if file was not found.
.br
\fBF_implemented_not\fP (with error bit) if this function is not available (due to not having libcap support compiled in).
.br
\fBF_memory_not\fP (with error bit) if a out of memory.
.br
\fBF_name_not\fP (with error bit) if the file name is too long.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
\fBF_prohibited\fP (with error bit) if the file system does not permit this operation.
.br
\fBF_supported_not\fP (with error bit) if the file system does not support this operation.
.br
\fBF_failure\fP (with error bit) on any other error.
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.nh
.ad l
\fIf_capability_ambient_get\fP(3), \fIf_capability_ambient_reset\fP(3), \fIf_capability_ambient_set\fP(3), \fIf_capability_clear\fP(3), \fIf_capability_clear_flag\fP(3), \fIf_capability_compare\fP(3), \fIf_capability_copy\fP(3), \fIf_capability_copy_external\fP(3), \fIf_capability_copy_internal\fP(3), \fIf_capability_delete\fP(3), \fIf_capability_file_descriptor_get\fP(3), \fIf_capability_file_descriptor_set\fP(3), \fIf_capability_file_get\fP(3), \fIf_capability_file_set\fP(3), \fIf_capability_flag_get\fP(3), \fIf_capability_flag_set\fP(3), \fIf_capability_from_name\fP(3), \fIf_capability_from_text\fP(3), \fIf_capability_groups_set\fP(3), \fIf_capability_initialize\fP(3), \fIf_capability_mode_get\fP(3), \fIf_capability_mode_get_name\fP(3), \fIf_capability_mode_set\fP(3), \fIf_capability_owner_get\fP(3), \fIf_capability_owner_set\fP(3), \fIf_capability_process_bound_drop\fP(3), \fIf_capability_process_bound_get\fP(3), \fIf_capability_process_get\fP(3), \fIf_capability_process_get_by_id\fP(3), \fIf_capability_process_set\fP(3), \fIf_capability_security_bits_get\fP(3), \fIf_capability_security_bits_set\fP(3), \fIf_capability_size\fP(3), \fIf_capability_supported\fP(3), \fIf_capability_supported_ambient\fP(3), \fIf_capability_supported_code\fP(3), \fIf_capability_to_name\fP(3), \fIf_capability_to_text\fP(3), \fIf_capability_user_set\fP(3), \fIcap_set_owner()\fP
.ad
.hy
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2024 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
