.TH f_capability_copy_external "3" "July 2023" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.6" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_capability_copy_external
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <capability.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_capability_copy_external\fP(
    \fBconst f_capability_t \fP\fIcapability\fP,
    \fBconst ssize_t        \fP\fImax\fP,
    \fBvoid *const          \fP\fIexternal\fP,
    \fBssize_t *const       \fP\fIsize\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Copy an internally represented capability into an externally represented capability.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B capability
The (internal) capability the (external) capability is copied from.

.TP
.B max
The the maximum buffer length (in bytes) allowed in the (external) capability. Use f_capability_size() to determine the maximum size required to hold capability.

.TP
.B external
The (external) capability the (internal) capability is copied to.

.TP
.B size
(optional) The size (in bytes) copied into the (external) capability. Set to NULL to not use.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_implemented_not\fP (with error bit) if this function is not available (due to not having libcap support compiled in).
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
\fBF_range_not\fP (with error bit) on out of range when processing (external) capability.
.br
\fBF_failure\fP (with error bit) on failure to get size.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2023 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
