.TH f_capability_to_name "3" "February 2024" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.9" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_capability_to_name
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/capability.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_capability_to_name\fP(
    \fBconst f_capability_value_t \fP\fIcode\fP,
    \fBf_string_dynamic_t *const  \fP\fIname\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Convert the capability code to a name (string).
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B code
The capability code.

.TP
.B name
The determined name. The name is appended into this variable. This is NULL terminated after the name.used.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_implemented_not\fP (with error bit) if this function is not available (due to not having libcap support compiled in).
.br
\fBF_memory_not\fP (with error bit) if a out of memory.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
\fBF_string_too_large\fP (with error bit) if appended string length is too large to store in the buffer.
.br
\fBF_failure\fP (with error bit) on any other failure.
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: f_string_dynamic_resize().
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.nh
.ad l
\fIf_capability_ambient_get\fP(3), \fIf_capability_ambient_reset\fP(3), \fIf_capability_ambient_set\fP(3), \fIf_capability_clear\fP(3), \fIf_capability_clear_flag\fP(3), \fIf_capability_compare\fP(3), \fIf_capability_copy\fP(3), \fIf_capability_copy_external\fP(3), \fIf_capability_copy_internal\fP(3), \fIf_capability_delete\fP(3), \fIf_capability_file_descriptor_get\fP(3), \fIf_capability_file_descriptor_set\fP(3), \fIf_capability_file_get\fP(3), \fIf_capability_file_set\fP(3), \fIf_capability_flag_get\fP(3), \fIf_capability_flag_set\fP(3), \fIf_capability_from_name\fP(3), \fIf_capability_from_text\fP(3), \fIf_capability_groups_set\fP(3), \fIf_capability_initialize\fP(3), \fIf_capability_mode_get\fP(3), \fIf_capability_mode_get_name\fP(3), \fIf_capability_mode_set\fP(3), \fIf_capability_owner_get\fP(3), \fIf_capability_owner_set\fP(3), \fIf_capability_process_bound_drop\fP(3), \fIf_capability_process_bound_get\fP(3), \fIf_capability_process_get\fP(3), \fIf_capability_process_get_by_id\fP(3), \fIf_capability_process_set\fP(3), \fIf_capability_security_bits_get\fP(3), \fIf_capability_security_bits_set\fP(3), \fIf_capability_size\fP(3), \fIf_capability_supported\fP(3), \fIf_capability_supported_ambient\fP(3), \fIf_capability_supported_code\fP(3), \fIf_capability_to_name\fP(3), \fIf_capability_to_text\fP(3), \fIf_capability_user_set\fP(3), \fIf_string_dynamic_resize()\fP, \fIcap_free()\fP, \fIcap_to_name()\fP, \fIf_string_dynamic_resize()\fP
.ad
.hy
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2024 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
