.TH f_conversion_number_signed_print "3" "July 2023" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.8" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_conversion_number_signed_print
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/conversion.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_conversion_number_signed_print\fP(
    \fBconst f_number_signed_t   \fP\fInumber\fP,
    \fBconst f_conversion_data_t \fP\fIdata\fP,
    \fBFILE *const               \fP\fIstream\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Convert a signed number into the decimal digit string that it represents.
.PP
The generated number is printed to the file stream.
.PP
This only supports the following base units: 2 through 16. This only supports base prefixes for: 2, 8, 10, 12, and 16.
.PP
This print function does not use locking, be sure something like flockfile() and funlockfile() are appropriately called.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B number
The number to convert.

.TP
.B data
The settings designating how to perform the conversion.

.TP
.B stream
The file stream to output to, including standard streams such as stdout and stderr.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP if the number was converted to a string.
.br
\fBF_block\fP (with error bit) if file stream is set to non-block and the write would result in a blocking operation.
.br
\fBF_buffer\fP (with error bit) if the buffer is invalid.
.br
\fBF_file_type_directory\fP (with error bit) if file descriptor represents a directory.
.br
\fBF_input_output\fP (with error bit) on I/O error.
.br
\fBF_interrupt\fP (with error bit) if interrupt was received.
.br
\fBF_output\fP (with error bit) on any other file output error.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2023 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
