.TH f_conversion_number_unsigned_print "3" "February 2024" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.9" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_conversion_number_unsigned_print
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/conversion.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_conversion_number_unsigned_print\fP(
    \fBconst f_number_unsigned_t \fP\fInumber\fP,
    \fBconst f_conversion_data_t \fP\fIdata\fP,
    \fBFILE *const               \fP\fIstream\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Convert an unsigned number into the decimal digit string that it represents.
.PP
The generated number is printed to the file stream.
.PP
This only supports the following base units: 2 through 16. This only supports base prefixes for: 2, 8, 10, 12, and 16.
.PP
This print function does not use locking, be sure something like flockfile() and funlockfile() are appropriately called.
.PP
F_block (with error bit) if file stream is set to non-block and the write would result in a blocking operation. F_buffer (with error bit) if the buffer is invalid. F_file_type_directory (with error bit) if file descriptor represents a directory. F_input_output (with error bit) on I/O error. F_interrupt (with error bit) if interrupt was received. F_output (with error bit) on any other file output error. F_parameter (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B number
The number to convert. This number is unsigned to allow for unsigned integers to be used. To represent a negative number, assign the flag f_conversion_data_flag_is_negative to data.flags.

.TP
.B data
The settings designating how to perform the conversion.

.TP
.B stream
The file stream to output to, including standard streams such as stdout and stderr.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
F_none if the number was converted to a string.
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.nh
.ad l
\fIf_conversion_character_is_binary\fP(3), \fIf_conversion_character_is_decimal\fP(3), \fIf_conversion_character_is_duodecimal\fP(3), \fIf_conversion_character_is_hexidecimal\fP(3), \fIf_conversion_character_is_octal\fP(3), \fIf_conversion_character_to_binary\fP(3), \fIf_conversion_character_to_decimal\fP(3), \fIf_conversion_character_to_duodecimal\fP(3), \fIf_conversion_character_to_hexidecimal\fP(3), \fIf_conversion_character_to_octal\fP(3), \fIf_conversion_number_signed_print\fP(3), \fIf_conversion_number_signed_to_string\fP(3), \fIf_conversion_number_unsigned_print\fP(3), \fIf_conversion_number_unsigned_to_string\fP(3), \fIferror_unlocked()\fP, \fIfwrite_unlocked()\fP
.ad
.hy
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2024 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
