.TH fl_environment_path_explode_reverse "3" "February 2024" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.10" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
fl_environment_path_explode_reverse
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_1/environment.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t fl_environment_path_explode_reverse\fP(
    \fBconst f_string_static_t    \fP\fIpath\fP,
    \fBf_string_dynamics_t *const \fP\fIpaths\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Separate a given PATH-style string into multiple separate paths.
.PP
The paths are created in reverse order.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B path
The string to process that is expected to follow the traditional Linux standard PATH environment variable. Each seperate path is separated by a single ':'. Need not be NULL terminated. NULLs are ignored and are not copied into the exploded paths.

.TP
.B paths
All of the strings exploded from PATH. Each exploded path, when not empty, is guaranteed to have a trailing '/'. Each exploded path is not NULL terminated.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_array_too_large\fP (with error bit) if paths array is too large for further addressing.
.br
\fBF_memory_not\fP (with error bit) on out of memory.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: f_environment_get() (only when en_kevux_path_architecture_bits is defined).
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: f_string_dynamics_increase().
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: f_string_dynamics_increase_by().
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.nh
.ad l
\fIfl_environment_load_name\fP(3), \fIfl_environment_load_names\fP(3), \fIfl_environment_path_explode\fP(3), \fIfl_environment_path_explode_reverse\fP(3), \fIf_environment_get()\fP, \fIf_string_dynamics_increase()\fP, \fIf_string_dynamics_increase_by()\fP, \fIf_environment_get()\fP, \fIf_string_dynamics_increase()\fP, \fIf_string_dynamics_increase_by()\fP
.ad
.hy
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2024 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
