.TH f_array_lengths_append "3" "February 2024" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.10" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_array_lengths_append
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/type_array.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_array_lengths_append\fP(
    \fBconst f_array_length_t \fP\fIsource\fP,
    \fBf_array_lengths_t     *\fP\fIdestination\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Append the single source length onto the destination.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B source
The source length to append.

.TP
.B destination
The destination lengths the source is appended onto.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_data_not\fP on success, but there is nothing to append (size == 0).
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: f_memory_resize().
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.nh
.ad l
\fIf_array_lengths_adjust\fP(3), \fIf_array_lengths_append\fP(3), \fIf_array_lengths_append_all\fP(3), \fIf_array_lengths_decimate_by\fP(3), \fIf_array_lengths_decrease_by\fP(3), \fIf_array_lengths_increase\fP(3), \fIf_array_lengths_increase_by\fP(3), \fIf_array_lengths_resize\fP(3), \fIf_array_lengthss_adjust\fP(3), \fIf_array_lengthss_append\fP(3), \fIf_array_lengthss_append_all\fP(3), \fIf_array_lengthss_decimate_by\fP(3), \fIf_array_lengthss_decrease_by\fP(3), \fIf_array_lengthss_increase\fP(3), \fIf_array_lengthss_increase_by\fP(3), \fIf_array_lengthss_resize\fP(3), \fIf_memory_resize()\fP
.ad
.hy
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2024 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
