.TH f_color_load_context "3" "February 2024" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.10" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_color_load_context
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/color.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_color_load_context\fP(
    \fBconst bool               \fP\fIuse_light_colors\fP,
    \fBf_color_context_t *const \fP\fIcontext\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Provide basic color output support (linux & xterm). This is the Featureless LINUX Library, so there is no support for non-linux colors at this time.
.PP
For simplicity purposes, all color code strings are required and assumed to be NULL terminated. Load the appropriate colors into the color context.
.PP
This will handle the difference betweem xorg terminals and linux consoles. If you wish to use non-standard colors either redefine this function or don't use it.
.PP
The default/fallback behavior is f_color_xterminal.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B use_light_colors
Set to F_true to use colors for light backgrounds. Set to F_false to use colors for dark backgrounds.

.TP
.B context
The color context the load the color codes into.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: f_string_dynamic_increase_by()
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.nh
.ad l
\fIf_color_load_context\fP(3), \fIf_color_save_1\fP(3), \fIf_color_save_2\fP(3), \fIf_color_save_3\fP(3), \fIf_color_save_4\fP(3), \fIf_color_save_5\fP(3), \fIf_string_dynamic_increase_by()\fP, \fImemcpy()\fP, \fIf_string_dynamic_increase_by()\fP
.ad
.hy
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2024 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
