.TH f_control_group_copy "3" "February 2024" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.9" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_control_group_copy
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/control_group.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_control_group_copy\fP(
    \fBconst f_control_group_t  \fP\fIsource\fP,
    \fBf_control_group_t *const \fP\fIdestination\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
FLL - Level 0
.PP
Project: Control Group API Version: 0.6 Licenses: lgpl-2.1-or-later
.PP
Provides control group (cgroup) related functionality.
.PP
It appears that the control group, as documented in the Linux kernel, is changed via the sysfs instead of system calls. If there are system calls to set the control group for a given process then this will need to be updated to utilize that. Until then, this is an implementation that helps facilitate writing to the sysfs file system for adding a process to a particular control group.
.PP
This is intended to be used with Control Groups (cgroups) Version 2. Copy the source control group onto the destination control group.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B source
The source to append.

.TP
.B destination
The destination the source is appended onto.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: f_string_dynamic_append().
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: f_string_dynamics_append_all().
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.nh
.ad l
\fIf_control_group_copy\fP(3), \fIf_string_dynamic_append()\fP, \fIf_string_dynamics_append_all()\fP, \fIf_string_dynamic_append()\fP, \fIf_string_dynamics_append_all()\fP
.ad
.hy
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2024 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
