.TH fll_execute_arguments_add_parameter "3" "July 2023" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.6" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
fll_execute_arguments_add_parameter
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_2/execute.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t fll_execute_arguments_add_parameter\fP(
    \fBconst f_string_static_t    \fP\fIprefix\fP,
    \fBconst f_string_static_t    \fP\fIname\fP,
    \fBconst f_string_static_t    \fP\fIvalue\fP,
    \fBf_string_dynamics_t *const \fP\fIarguments\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Add parameters as arguments to the execution arguments array.
.PP
This is intended to simplify adding arguments that have prefixes and values such as those common in console parameters. For example, a pefix of '', a name of 'do', and a value of 'something' would result in two arguments added: 'do' and 'something'.
.PP
The arguments are only appended if the length of name and value are not 0.
.PP
This guarantees that NULL exists at the end of each argument (after the argumunets[..].used length). This does not check for NULL characters anywhere else in the string.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B prefix
The string prepend to the name.

.TP
.B name
The string to add to the arguments array.

.TP
.B value
The string to add to the arguments array.

.TP
.B arguments
The array of string arguments intended to pass to the execute functions.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: f_string_append().
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: f_string_dynamic_resize().
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: f_string_dynamics_increase().
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2023 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
