.TH fll_execute_arguments_add "3" "February 2024" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.9" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
fll_execute_arguments_add
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_2/execute.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t fll_execute_arguments_add\fP(
    \fBconst f_string_static_t    \fP\fIsource\fP,
    \fBf_string_dynamics_t *const \fP\fIarguments\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Add an argument to the execution arguments array.
.PP
This guarantees that a NULL exists at the end of the string (after the source.used length). This does not check for NULL characters anywhere else in the string.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B source
The string to add to the arguments array.

.TP
.B arguments
The array of string arguments intended to pass to the execute functions.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: f_string_dynamic_append().
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: f_string_dynamic_resize().
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: f_string_dynamics_increase().
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.nh
.ad l
\fIfll_execute_arguments_add\fP(3), \fIfll_execute_arguments_add_parameter\fP(3), \fIfll_execute_arguments_add_parameter_set\fP(3), \fIfll_execute_arguments_add_set\fP(3), \fIfll_execute_into\fP(3), \fIfll_execute_program\fP(3), \fIf_string_dynamic_append()\fP, \fIf_string_dynamic_resize()\fP, \fIf_string_dynamics_increase()\fP, \fIf_string_dynamic_append()\fP, \fIf_string_dynamic_resize()\fP, \fIf_string_dynamics_increase()\fP
.ad
.hy
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2024 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
