.TH fll_execute_arguments_add_parameter_set "3" "February 2024" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.9" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
fll_execute_arguments_add_parameter_set
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_2/execute.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t fll_execute_arguments_add_parameter_set\fP(
    \fBconst f_string_static_t    \fP\fIprefix\fP,
    \fBconst f_string_static_t    \fP\fIname\fP,
    \fBconst f_string_static_t    \fP\fIvalue\fP,
    \fBconst f_array_length_t     \fP\fIsize\fP,
    \fBf_string_dynamics_t *const \fP\fIarguments\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Add set of parameters as arguments to the execution arguments array.
.PP
This is intended to simplify adding arguments that have prefixes and values such as those common in console parameters. For example, a pefix of '', a name of 'do', and a value of 'something' would result in two arguments added: 'do' and 'something'.
.PP
The arguments are only appended if the length of name and value are not 0.
.PP
This guarantees that NULL exists at the end of each argument (after the argumunets[..].used length). This does not check for NULL characters anywhere else in the string.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B prefix
An array of the strings prepend to the name.

.TP
.B name
An array of the strings to add to the arguments array.

.TP
.B value
An array of the strings to add to the arguments array.

.TP
.B size
The array size of prefix, prefix_length, name, name_length, value, and value_length (all of which must be of the same array size).

.TP
.B arguments
The array of string arguments intended to pass to the execute functions.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: f_string_append().
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: f_string_dynamic_resize().
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: f_string_dynamics_increase().
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.nh
.ad l
\fIfll_execute_arguments_add\fP(3), \fIfll_execute_arguments_add_parameter\fP(3), \fIfll_execute_arguments_add_parameter_set\fP(3), \fIfll_execute_arguments_add_set\fP(3), \fIfll_execute_into\fP(3), \fIfll_execute_program\fP(3), \fIf_string_append()\fP, \fIf_string_dynamic_resize()\fP, \fIf_string_dynamics_increase()\fP, \fIf_string_append()\fP, \fIf_string_dynamic_resize()\fP, \fIf_string_dynamics_increase()\fP
.ad
.hy
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2024 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
