.TH fl_utf_file_read_until "3" "February 2024" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.9" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
fl_utf_file_read_until
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_1/utf_file.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t fl_utf_file_read_until\fP(
    \fBconst f_file_t                \fP\fIfile\fP,
    \fBconst f_array_length_t        \fP\fItotal\fP,
    \fBf_utf_string_dynamic_t *const \fP\fIdestination\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Read until a given number or EOF is reached, storing it in the destination.
.PP
To check how much was read into the destination, record destination->used before execution and compare to destination->used after execution.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B file
The file to read. The file must already be open.

.TP
.B total
The total bytes to read, unless EOF is reached first.

.TP
.B destination
The destination the file is being read into.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_none_eof\fP on success and EOF was reached.
.br
\fBF_block\fP (with error bit) if file descriptor is set to non-block and the read would result in a blocking operation.
.br
\fBF_buffer\fP (with error bit) if the buffer is invalid.
.br
\fBF_file\fP (with error bit) if file descriptor is in an error state.
.br
\fBF_file_closed\fP (with error bit) if file is not open.
.br
\fBF_file_descriptor\fP (with error bit) if the file descriptor is invalid.
.br
\fBF_file_type_directory\fP (with error bit) if file descriptor represents a directory.
.br
\fBF_complete_not_utf_eof\fP (with error bit) if UTF-8 character was incomplete at the end of the file.
.br
\fBF_complete_not_utf_stop\fP (with error bit) if UTF-8 character was incomplete at a stop point (file.size_read).
.br
\fBF_input_output\fP (with error bit) on I/O error.
.br
\fBF_interrupt\fP (with error bit) if interrupt was received.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2024 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
