.TH IKI_READ "1" "April 2023" "FLL - IKI Read 0.6.6" "Program Manual"
.SH NAME
iki_read \- Read text, processing IKI variables.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B iki_read
[\fI\,OPTIONS\/\fR] [\fI\,FILENAMES\/\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This program will find and print \fBVariables\fR, \fBVocabularies\fR, or \fBContent\fR following the IKI standard, without focusing on any particular \fBVocabulary\fR specification.

The \fB\-\-replace\fR option requires 2 additional parameters: \fB<vocabulary> <with>\fR.
  \fBvocabulary\fR: The name of the \fBVocabulary\fR whose \fBContent\fR is to be substituted.
  \fBwith\fR: The new string to use as the substitute.

The \fBVocabulary\fR is case-sensitive and must exactly match.

The \fB\-\-reassign\fR and the \fB\-\-substitute\fR options require 3 additional parameters: \fB<vocabulary> <replace> <with>\fR.
  \fBvocabulary\fR: The name of the \fBVocabulary\fR whose \fBContent\fR is to be substituted.
  \fBreplace\fR: The \fBContent\fR matching this exact string will be substituted.
  \fBwith\fR: The new string to use as the substitute.

The \fBVocabulary\fR and replacement are case-sensitive and must exactly match.

The \fB\-\-wrap\fR option requires 3 additional parameters: \fB<vocabulary> <before> <after>\fR.
  \fBvocabulary\fR: The name of the \fBVocabulary\fR whose \fBContent\fR is to be wrapped.
  \fBbefore\fR: The string to prepend.
  \fBafter\fR: The string to append.

The \fBVocabulary\fR is case-sensitive and must exactly match.

The difference between \fB\-\-replace\fR and \fB\-\-substitute\fR is that the \fB\-\-replace\fR option substitutes all matching \fBVocabulary\fR names and the \fB\-\-substitute\fR option substitutes all matching \fBVocabulary\fR names that must also have the given matching \fBContent\fR.

The \fB\-\-reassign\fR option is identical to the \fB\-\-substitute\fR option except that the \fB\-\-wrap\fR option is ignored (not applied).

The \fB\-\-substitute\fR option takes priority over the \fB\-\-replace\fR option when matching the same \fBVariable\fR.

The default behavior is to only display \fBContent\fR portion of the IKI \fBVariable\fR.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\{\-h, \-\-help\fR
Print the help message.
.TP
\fB+C, ++copyright\fR
Print the copyright.
.TP
\fB+d, ++dark\fR
Output using colors that show up better on dark backgrounds.
.TP
\fB+l, ++light\fR
Output using colors that show up better on light backgrounds.
.TP
\fB+n, ++no_color\fR
Do not print using color.
.TP
\fB+Q, ++quiet\fR
Decrease verbosity, silencing most output.
.TP
\fB+E, ++error\fR
Decrease verbosity, using only error output.
.TP
\fB+N, ++normal\fR
Set verbosity to normal.
.TP
\fB+V, ++verbose\fR
Increase verbosity beyond normal output.
.TP
\fB+D, ++debug\fR
Enable debugging, significantly increasing verbosity beyond normal output.
.TP
\fB+v, ++version\fR
Print only the version number.
.TP
\fB\-a, \-\-at\fR
Select Variable at this numeric index.
.TP
\fB\-l, \-\-line\fR
Print only the Variables at the given line within the file.
.TP
\fB\-n, \-\-name\fR
Select Variables with this name.
.TP
\fB\-w, \-\-whole\fR
Print all of the data instead of just the IKI Variable data.
.TP
\fB\-c, \-\-content\fR
Print the Variable value (aka: Content) (default).
.TP
\fB\-L, \-\-literal\fR
Print the entire Variable (aka: Object, Content, and syntax).
.TP
\fB\-o, \-\-object\fR
Print the Variable name (aka: Vocabulary) (aka: Object).
.TP
\fB\-t, \-\-total\fR
Print the total number of Variables.
.TP
\fB\-R, \-\-reassign\fR
Re-assign the Variable for the given name and matching Content value with the given string.
.TP
\fB\-r, \-\-replace\fR
Simple substitution, replacing the Variable for the given name with the given string.
.TP
\fB\-s, \-\-substitute\fR
Substitute the Variable for the given name and matching Content value with the given string.
.TP
\fB\-W, \-\-wrap\fR
Prepend and append strings for the given name.
.SH FILENAMES
.TP
Any number of files to read.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2023 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
