.TH f_directory_list "3" "July 2023" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.8" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_directory_list
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/directory.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_directory_list\fP(
    \fBconst f_string_static_t                                \fP\fIpath\fP,
    \fBint(*)(const struct dirent *)                          \fP\fIfilter\fP,
    \fBint(*)(const struct dirent **, const struct dirent **) \fP\fIsort\fP,
    \fBf_string_dynamics_t                                   *\fP\fInames\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
For some given path, print the names of each file and/or directory inside the directory.
.PP
Allows specifying a custom filter and custom sort.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B path
The file path to the directory.

.TP
.B filter
A filter function of the form: int xxx(const struct direct *). Set to 0 to not use (NULL).

.TP
.B sort
A sort function of the form: int xxx(const struct direct *, const struct direct *). Set to 0 to not use (NULL). There are two pre-made libc functions available for this: alphasort() and versionsort().

.TP
.B names
Will be populated with the names of each file and/or directory inside path.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_data_not\fP if path.used is 0.
.br
\fBF_directory_empty\fP if directory is empty.
.br
\fBF_array_too_large\fP (with error bit) if the directory buffer max length would be exceeded.
.br
\fBF_failure\fP (with error bit) if failed to read directory information.
.br
\fBF_memory_not\fP (with error bit) on out of memory.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2023 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
