.TH f_directory_touch "3" "July 2023" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.8" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_directory_touch
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/directory.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_directory_touch\fP(
    \fBconst f_string_static_t \fP\fIpath\fP,
    \fBconst mode_t            \fP\fImode\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Update the files access and modification timestamp, creating the directory if it does not already exist.
.PP
When the file is created, it is created as a directory file.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B path
The path file name.

.TP
.B mode
The file mode to use when (directory) file is created.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_data_not\fP if path.used is 0.
.br
\fBF_access_denied\fP (with error bit) on access denied.
.br
\fBF_buffer\fP (with error bit) if the buffer is invalid.
.br
\fBF_busy\fP (with error bit) if file system is too busy to perform write.
.br
\fBF_directory_not\fP (with error bit) if a supposed directory in path is not actually a directory.
.br
\fBF_directory_descriptor\fP (with error bit) for bad directory descriptor for at_id.
.br
\fBF_file_found\fP (with error bit) if a file aleady exists at the path.
.br
\fBF_file_open_max\fP (with error bit) when system-wide max open files is reached.
.br
\fBF_filesystem_quota_block\fP (with error bit) if file system's disk blocks or inodes are exhausted.
.br
\fBF_filesystem_quota_reached\fP (with error bit) quota reached of file system is out of space.
.br
\fBF_interrupt\fP (with error bit) when program received an interrupt signal, halting operation.
.br
\fBF_loop\fP (with error bit) on loop error.
.br
\fBF_memory_not\fP (with error bit) if out of memory.
.br
\fBF_name\fP (with error bit) on path name error.
.br
\fBF_number_overflow\fP (with error bit) on overflow error.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
\fBF_prohibited\fP (with error bit) if file system does not allow for creating or linking.
.br
\fBF_read_only\fP (with error bit) if file system is read-only.
.br
\fBF_search\fP (with error bit) if search permission is denied for one of the paths to the file.
.br
\fBF_failure\fP (with error bit) for any other error.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2023 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
