.TH f_directory_create_at "3" "July 2023" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.7" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_directory_create_at
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/directory.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_directory_create_at\fP(
    \fBconst int               \fP\fIat_id\fP,
    \fBconst f_string_static_t \fP\fIpath\fP,
    \fBconst mode_t            \fP\fImode\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Create a directory at the given path within the directories specified by the file descriptor.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B at_id
The parent directory, as an open directory file descriptor, in which path is relative to.

.TP
.B path
The file path to the directory.

.TP
.B mode
The directory mode to use when creating.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_data_not\fP if path.used is 0.
.br
\fBF_access_denied\fP (with error bit) on access denied.
.br
\fBF_directory_not\fP (with error bit) if a supposed directory in path is not actually a directory.
.br
\fBF_directory_descriptor\fP (with error bit) for bad directory descriptor for at_id.
.br
\fBF_directory_link_max\fP (with error bit) max links limit reached or exceeded.
.br
\fBF_file_found\fP (with error bit) of a directory aleady exists at the path.
.br
\fBF_file_found_not\fP (with error bit) if a file within the path is not found (such as a broken symbolic link).
.br
\fBF_filesystem_quota_block\fP (with error bit) if file system's disk blocks or inodes are exhausted.
.br
\fBF_loop\fP (with error bit) on loop error.
.br
\fBF_memory_not\fP (with error bit) if out of memory.
.br
\fBF_name\fP (with error bit) on path name error.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
\fBF_prohibited\fP (with error bit) if file system does not allow for removing.
.br
\fBF_read_only\fP (with error bit) if file is read-only.
.br
\fBF_space_not\fP (with error bit) if file system is out of space (or file system quota is reached).
.br
\fBF_failure\fP (with error bit) for any other error.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2023 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
