.TH f_directory_exists_at "3" "July 2023" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.7" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_directory_exists_at
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/directory.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_directory_exists_at\fP(
    \fBconst int               \fP\fIat_id\fP,
    \fBconst f_string_static_t \fP\fIpath\fP,
    \fBconst int               \fP\fIflag\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Identify whether or not a file exists at the given path and if that file is a directory or a symlink to a directory.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B at_id
The parent directory, as an open directory file descriptor, in which path is relative to.

.TP
.B path
The file path to the directory.

.TP
.B flag
Any valid flag, such as F_directory_at_path_empty_d, F_directory_at_automount_no_d, or F_directory_at_symlink_follow_no_d.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_true\fP if path was found and path is a directory (or a symlink to a directory).
\fBF_false\fP if path was found and path is not a directory.
\fBF_file_found_not\fP if the path was not found.
\fBF_data_not\fP if path.used is 0.
.br
\fBF_access_denied\fP (with error bit) if access to the file was denied.
.br
\fBF_directory_descriptor\fP (with error bit) for bad directory descriptor for at_id.
.br
\fBF_loop\fP (with error bit) on loop error.
.br
\fBF_memory_not\fP (with error bit) if out of memory.
.br
\fBF_name\fP (with error bit) on path name error.
.br
\fBF_number_overflow\fP (with error bit) on overflow error.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2023 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
