.TH f_memory_structure_adjust "3" "February 2024" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.10" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_memory_structure_adjust
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/memory.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_memory_structure_adjust\fP(
    \fBconst size_t            \fP\fIlength_new\fP,
    \fBconst size_t            \fP\fItype_size\fP,
    \fBvoid **const            \fP\fIstructure\fP,
    \fBf_array_length_t *const \fP\fIused\fP,
    \fBf_array_length_t *const \fP\fIsize\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Resize the structure.
.PP
Memory being deleted will be wiped.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B length_new
The new size of the structure array. Setting a length of 0 will result in the deletion (freeing) of the structure.

.TP
.B type_size
The size of the structure type (such as: sizeof(structure_size)). Must be greater than 0.

.TP
.B structure
The structure to delete.

.TP
.B used
The amount of data used by the structure.

.TP
.B size
The amount of data allocated to the structure.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_memory_not\fP (with error bit) on allocation error.
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.nh
.ad l
\fIf_memory_structure_adjust\fP(3), \fIf_memory_structure_decimate_by\fP(3), \fIf_memory_structure_decrease_by\fP(3), \fIf_memory_structure_increase\fP(3), \fIf_memory_structure_increase_by\fP(3), \fIf_memory_structure_resize\fP(3), \fIcalloc()\fP, \fIfree()\fP, \fImemset()\fP
.ad
.hy
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2024 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
