.TH f_utf_string_triples_append "3" "February 2024" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.10" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_utf_string_triples_append
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/utf.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_utf_string_triples_append\fP(
    \fBconst f_utf_string_triple_t   \fP\fIsource\fP,
    \fBf_utf_string_triples_t *const \fP\fIdestination\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Append the single source triples onto the destination.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B source
The source triple to append.

.TP
.B destination
The destination triples the source is appended onto.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_data_not\fP on success, but there is no reason to increase size (size == 0).
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
\fBF_string_too_large\fP (with error bit) if the combined string is too large.
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: f_memory_resize().
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.nh
.ad l
\fIf_utf_string_triples_adjust\fP(3), \fIf_utf_string_triples_append\fP(3), \fIf_utf_string_triples_append_all\fP(3), \fIf_utf_string_triples_decimate_by\fP(3), \fIf_utf_string_triples_decrease_by\fP(3), \fIf_utf_string_triples_increase\fP(3), \fIf_utf_string_triples_increase_by\fP(3), \fIf_utf_string_triples_resize\fP(3), \fIf_utf_string_tripless_adjust\fP(3), \fIf_utf_string_tripless_append\fP(3), \fIf_utf_string_tripless_append_all\fP(3), \fIf_utf_string_tripless_decimate_by\fP(3), \fIf_utf_string_tripless_decrease_by\fP(3), \fIf_utf_string_tripless_increase\fP(3), \fIf_utf_string_tripless_increase_by\fP(3), \fIf_utf_string_tripless_resize\fP(3), \fIf_memory_resize()\fP
.ad
.hy
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2024 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
