.TH f_utf_char_to_char "3" "February 2024" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.10" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_utf_char_to_char
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/utf.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_utf_char_to_char\fP(
    \fBconst f_utf_char_t \fP\fIutf_character\fP,
    \fBf_string_t        *\fP\fIcharacter\fP,
    \fBf_array_length_t  *\fP\fIwidth_max\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Convert a specialized f_utf_char_t type to a uint8_t, stored as a string (character buffer).
.PP
This will also convert ASCII characters stored in the utf_character array. This will not resize character.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B utf_character
The UTF-8 character to convert from.

.TP
.B character
A uint8_t representation of the UTF-8 character, stored as a string of width bytes. If width_max is 0, then this should be set to 0.

.TP
.B width_max
This is set to the max number of bytes available. This is then updated to represent the max bytes used if enough space is available.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP if conversion was successful.
.br
\fBF_failure\fP (with error bit) if width is not long enough to convert.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
\fBF_utf_fragment\fP (with error bit) if character is a UTF-8 fragment.
.br
\fBF_utf_not\fP (with error bit) if unicode is an invalid Unicode character.
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.nh
.ad l
\fIf_utf_char_to_char\fP(3), \fIf_utf_char_to_character\fP(3), \fIf_utf_character_unicode_from\fP(3), \fIf_utf_character_unicode_string_to\fP(3), \fIf_utf_character_unicode_to\fP(3), \fIf_utf_unicode_from\fP(3), \fIf_utf_unicode_string_to\fP(3), \fIf_utf_unicode_to\fP(3)
.ad
.hy
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2024 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
