.TH f_utf_is_word_dash "3" "July 2023" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.6" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_utf_is_word_dash
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <is.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_utf_is_word_dash\fP(
    \fBconst f_string_t       \fP\fIsequence\fP,
    \fBconst f_array_length_t \fP\fIwidth_max\fP,
    \fBconst bool             \fP\fIstrict\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Check to see if the entire byte block of the character is an ASCII or UTF-8 word or dash character.
.PP
A word dash character is alphabetic-decimal, an underscore '_' or a dash '-'.
.PP
Unicode appears to refer to dashes that connect words as a hyphen. Therefore, only these hyphens are considered dashes for the purposes of this function. All other dash-like Unicode characters are not considered a dash here. The dash here is intended for combining words, which matches the context of the Unicode "hyphen".
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B sequence
The byte sequence to validate as a character. There must be enough space allocated to compare against, as limited by width_max.

.TP
.B width_max
The maximum width available for checking. Can be anything greater than 0.

.TP
.B strict
When TRUE, include all appropriate characters by type as per Unicode. When FALSE, non-inline punctuation connectors are not considered a character (such as U+FE33 '︳'). When FALSE, zero-width punctuation characters are not considered a character.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_true\fP if a UTF-8 word or dash character.
.br
\fBF_false\fP if not a UTF-8 word or dash character.
.br
\fBF_complete_not_utf\fP (with error bit set) if character is an incomplete UTF-8 sequence.
.br
\fBF_utf_fragment\fP (with error bit) if character is a UTF-8 fragment.
.br
\fBF_utf_not\fP (with error bit) if Unicode is an invalid Unicode character.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2023 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
