.TH f_utf_string_maps_append_all "3" "February 2024" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.9" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_utf_string_maps_append_all
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/utf.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_utf_string_maps_append_all\fP(
    \fBconst f_utf_string_maps_t  \fP\fIsource\fP,
    \fBf_utf_string_maps_t *const \fP\fIdestination\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Append the source maps onto the destination.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B source
The source maps to append.

.TP
.B destination
The destination maps the source is appended onto.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_data_not\fP on success, but there is nothing to append (size == 0).
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
\fBF_string_too_large\fP (with error bit) if the combined string is too large.
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: f_memory_resize().
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.nh
.ad l
\fIf_utf_string_maps_adjust\fP(3), \fIf_utf_string_maps_append\fP(3), \fIf_utf_string_maps_append_all\fP(3), \fIf_utf_string_maps_decimate_by\fP(3), \fIf_utf_string_maps_decrease_by\fP(3), \fIf_utf_string_maps_increase\fP(3), \fIf_utf_string_maps_increase_by\fP(3), \fIf_utf_string_maps_resize\fP(3), \fIf_utf_string_mapss_adjust\fP(3), \fIf_utf_string_mapss_append\fP(3), \fIf_utf_string_mapss_append_all\fP(3), \fIf_utf_string_mapss_decimate_by\fP(3), \fIf_utf_string_mapss_decrease_by\fP(3), \fIf_utf_string_mapss_increase\fP(3), \fIf_utf_string_mapss_increase_by\fP(3), \fIf_utf_string_mapss_resize\fP(3), \fIf_memory_resize()\fP
.ad
.hy
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2024 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
