.TH f_utf_is_valid "3" "July 2023" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.6" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_utf_is_valid
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/utf.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_utf_is_valid\fP(
    \fBconst f_string_t       \fP\fIsequence\fP,
    \fBconst f_array_length_t \fP\fIwidth_max\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Check to see if the entire byte block of the character is a valid (well-formed) UTF-8 character.
.PP
This does validate if the UTF-8 character is a valid UTF-8 character. To not do this, use f_utf_is().
.PP
Valid ASCII character codes are considered valid by this function.
.PP
Codes U+FDD0 to U+FDEF and any character ending in FFFE or FFFF are non-characters, and are therefore invalid.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B sequence
The byte sequence to validate as a character. There must be enough space allocated to compare against, as limited by width_max.

.TP
.B width_max
The maximum width available for checking. Can be anything greater than 0.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_true\fP if a valid UTF-8 character or is an ASCII character.
.br
\fBF_false\fP if not a valid UTF-8 character.
.br
\fBF_complete_not_utf\fP (with error bit set) if character is an incomplete UTF-8 sequence.
.br
\fBF_failure\fP (with error bit) if width_max is not long enough to convert.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
\fBF_utf_fragment\fP (with error bit) if character is a UTF-8 fragment.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2023 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
