.TH f_signal_wait_until "3" "February 2024" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.9" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_signal_wait_until
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/signal.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_signal_wait_until\fP(
    \fBconst sigset_t *const   \fP\fIset\fP,
    \fBconst struct timespec  *\fP\fItimeout\fP,
    \fBsiginfo_t *const        \fP\fIinformation\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Wait until any signal in a set of signals is received until the given time out is reached.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B set
The set of signals to wait for.

.TP
.B timeout
The amount of time to wait.

.TP
.B information
(optional) The resulting signal information. Set to NULL to not use.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP if signal is found before time out.
.br
\fBF_time_out\fP if no signal is find by the time out.
.br
\fBF_interrupt\fP (with error bit) if interrupted by a signal other than one specified in the signal set.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
\fBF_failure\fP (with error bit) for any other error.
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.nh
.ad l
\fIf_signal_action\fP(3), \fIf_signal_close\fP(3), \fIf_signal_mask\fP(3), \fIf_signal_open\fP(3), \fIf_signal_pause\fP(3), \fIf_signal_queue\fP(3), \fIf_signal_read\fP(3), \fIf_signal_send\fP(3), \fIf_signal_set_add\fP(3), \fIf_signal_set_delete\fP(3), \fIf_signal_set_empty\fP(3), \fIf_signal_set_fill\fP(3), \fIf_signal_set_has\fP(3), \fIf_signal_suspend\fP(3), \fIf_signal_wait\fP(3), \fIf_signal_wait_until\fP(3), \fIsigtimedwait()\fP
.ad
.hy
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2024 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
