.TH f_signal_close "3" "February 2024" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.9" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_signal_close
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/signal.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_signal_close\fP(
    \fBf_signal_t *const \fP\fIsignal\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Close an open signal descriptor.
.PP
The signal.id is set to 0 on success.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B signal
The signal settings.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_data_not\fP on success, but no descriptor was provided to close.
.br
\fBF_descriptor\fP (with error bit) if id is an invalid descriptor.
.br
\fBF_filesystem_quota_block\fP (with error bit) if file system's disk blocks or inodes are exhausted.
.br
\fBF_input_output\fP (with error bit) if an I/O error occurred.
.br
\fBF_interrupt\fP (with error bit) when program received an interrupt signal, halting operation.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
\fBF_failure\fP (with error bit) for any other error.
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.nh
.ad l
\fIf_signal_action\fP(3), \fIf_signal_close\fP(3), \fIf_signal_mask\fP(3), \fIf_signal_open\fP(3), \fIf_signal_pause\fP(3), \fIf_signal_queue\fP(3), \fIf_signal_read\fP(3), \fIf_signal_send\fP(3), \fIf_signal_set_add\fP(3), \fIf_signal_set_delete\fP(3), \fIf_signal_set_empty\fP(3), \fIf_signal_set_fill\fP(3), \fIf_signal_set_has\fP(3), \fIf_signal_suspend\fP(3), \fIf_signal_wait\fP(3), \fIf_signal_wait_until\fP(3), \fIclose()\fP
.ad
.hy
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2024 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
