.TH f_signal_mask "3" "February 2024" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.9" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_signal_mask
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/signal.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_signal_mask\fP(
    \fBconst int             \fP\fIhow\fP,
    \fBconst sigset_t *const \fP\fInext\fP,
    \fBsigset_t *const       \fP\fIcurrent\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Get or assign the current signal set in use.
.PP
Either set or previous may be NULL but not both (at least one is required).
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B how
How to handle the signal. Set this to 0 when only trying to get the current signal set.

.TP
.B next
(optional) The new set of signals to handle. Set to NULL to not use.

.TP
.B current
(optional) The current set of signals being handled. Set to NULL to not use.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success but no signal found.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
\fBF_failure\fP (with error bit) for any other error.
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.nh
.ad l
\fIf_signal_action\fP(3), \fIf_signal_close\fP(3), \fIf_signal_mask\fP(3), \fIf_signal_open\fP(3), \fIf_signal_pause\fP(3), \fIf_signal_queue\fP(3), \fIf_signal_read\fP(3), \fIf_signal_send\fP(3), \fIf_signal_set_add\fP(3), \fIf_signal_set_delete\fP(3), \fIf_signal_set_empty\fP(3), \fIf_signal_set_fill\fP(3), \fIf_signal_set_has\fP(3), \fIf_signal_suspend\fP(3), \fIf_signal_wait\fP(3), \fIf_signal_wait_until\fP(3), \fIsigprocmask()\fP
.ad
.hy
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2024 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
