.TH f_print_except_dynamic_partial_raw "3" "July 2023" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.7" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_print_except_dynamic_partial_raw
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/print.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_print_except_dynamic_partial_raw\fP(
    \fBconst f_string_static_t \fP\fIbuffer\fP,
    \fBconst f_string_range_t  \fP\fIrange\fP,
    \fBconst f_array_lengths_t \fP\fIexcept\fP,
    \fBFILE *const             \fP\fIstream\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Similar to a c-library printf, except that this will only print a specific range in a given dynamic string.
.PP
Will not stop at NULL. Will print NULL. Will not print any 1-byte character at a location specified in except array. Will print up to the specified range within the buffer.
.PP
All UTF-8 characters, invalid or not, are printed as is.
.PP
This print function does not use locking, be sure something like flockfile() and funlockfile() are appropriately called.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B buffer
The string to output.

.TP
.B range
The range within the provided string to print.

.TP
.B except
An array of locations within the given string to not print. The array of locations is required/assumed to be in linear order.

.TP
.B stream
The file stream to output to, including standard streams such as stdout and stderr.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_data_not\fP if there is nothing to print.
.br
\fBF_output\fP (with error bit) on failure.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2023 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
