.TH f_print_to_except_in_dynamic_raw "3" "July 2023" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.8" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_print_to_except_in_dynamic_raw
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/print.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_print_to_except_in_dynamic_raw\fP(
    \fBconst f_string_static_t \fP\fIbuffer\fP,
    \fBconst f_array_lengths_t \fP\fIexcept_at\fP,
    \fBconst f_string_ranges_t \fP\fIexcept_in\fP,
    \fBconst int               \fP\fIid\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Similar to a c-library printf, except that this prints a given dynamic string.
.PP
Will not stop at NULL. Will print NULL. Will not print any 1-byte character at a location specified in except_at array. Will not print any 1-byte character within the ranges specified in except_in array. Will print up to length 1-byte characters.
.PP
All UTF-8 characters, invalid or not, are printed as is.
.PP
This print function does not use locking, be sure something like flockfile() and funlockfile() are appropriately called.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B buffer
The string to output.

.TP
.B except_at
An array of locations within the given string to not print. The array of locations is required/assumed to be in linear order.

.TP
.B except_in
An array of ranges within the string to not print. The array of ranges is required/assumed to be in linear order.

.TP
.B id
The file descriptor to output to.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_data_not\fP if there is nothing to print.
.br
\fBF_block\fP (with error bit) if file descriptor is set to non-block and the write would result in a blocking operation.
.br
\fBF_buffer\fP (with error bit) if the buffer is invalid.
.br
\fBF_file_closed\fP (with error bit) if file is not open.
.br
\fBF_file_descriptor\fP (with error bit) if the file descriptor is invalid.
.br
\fBF_file_type_directory\fP (with error bit) if file descriptor represents a directory.
.br
\fBF_filesystem_quota_block\fP (with error bit) if quota is reached or exceeded.
.br
\fBF_input_output\fP (with error bit) on I/O error.
.br
\fBF_interrupt\fP (with error bit) if interrupt was received.
.br
\fBF_number_overflow\fP (with error bit) if maximum size reached while writing or attempting to write beyond maximum allowed offset.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
\fBF_pipe\fP (with error bit) if a connected pipe or socket is closed.
.br
\fBF_space_not\fP (with error bit) cannot write, out of space.
.br
\fBF_socket_not\fP (with error bit) if socket is not connected.
.br
\fBF_output\fP (with error bit) on any other failure.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2023 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
