.TH f_print_dynamic "3" "February 2024" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.9" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_print_dynamic
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/print.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_print_dynamic\fP(
    \fBconst f_string_static_t \fP\fIbuffer\fP,
    \fBFILE *const             \fP\fIstream\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Similar to a c-library printf, except that this prints a given dynamic string.
.PP
Will not stop at NULL. Will not print NULL. Will print up to the length of the buffer.
.PP
This print function does not use locking, be sure something like flockfile() and funlockfile() are appropriately called.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B buffer
The string to output.

.TP
.B stream
The file stream to output to, including standard streams such as stdout and stderr.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_data_not\fP if there is nothing to print.
.br
\fBF_output\fP (with error bit) on failure.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.nh
.ad l
\fIf_print\fP(3), \fIf_print_character\fP(3), \fIf_print_character_safely\fP(3), \fIf_print_character_safely_get\fP(3), \fIf_print_dynamic\fP(3), \fIf_print_dynamic_partial\fP(3), \fIf_print_dynamic_partial_raw\fP(3), \fIf_print_dynamic_partial_raw_safely\fP(3), \fIf_print_dynamic_partial_safely\fP(3), \fIf_print_dynamic_raw\fP(3), \fIf_print_dynamic_raw_safely\fP(3), \fIf_print_dynamic_safely\fP(3), \fIf_print_except\fP(3), \fIf_print_except_dynamic\fP(3), \fIf_print_except_dynamic_partial\fP(3), \fIf_print_except_dynamic_partial_raw\fP(3), \fIf_print_except_dynamic_partial_raw_safely\fP(3), \fIf_print_except_dynamic_partial_safely\fP(3), \fIf_print_except_dynamic_raw\fP(3), \fIf_print_except_dynamic_raw_safely\fP(3), \fIf_print_except_dynamic_safely\fP(3), \fIf_print_except_in\fP(3), \fIf_print_except_in_dynamic\fP(3), \fIf_print_except_in_dynamic_partial\fP(3), \fIf_print_except_in_dynamic_partial_raw\fP(3), \fIf_print_except_in_dynamic_partial_raw_safely\fP(3), \fIf_print_except_in_dynamic_partial_safely\fP(3), \fIf_print_except_in_dynamic_raw\fP(3), \fIf_print_except_in_dynamic_raw_safely\fP(3), \fIf_print_except_in_dynamic_safely\fP(3), \fIf_print_except_in_raw\fP(3), \fIf_print_except_in_raw_safely\fP(3), \fIf_print_except_in_safely\fP(3), \fIf_print_except_raw\fP(3), \fIf_print_except_raw_safely\fP(3), \fIf_print_except_safely\fP(3), \fIf_print_raw\fP(3), \fIf_print_raw_safely\fP(3), \fIf_print_raw_terminated\fP(3), \fIf_print_safely\fP(3), \fIf_print_safely_get\fP(3), \fIf_print_safely_terminated\fP(3), \fIf_print_terminated\fP(3), \fIclearerr_unlocked()\fP, \fIferror_unlocked()\fP, \fIfwrite_unlocked()\fP
.ad
.hy
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2024 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
