.TH f_socket_connect "3" "July 2023" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.6" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_socket_connect
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/socket.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_socket_connect\fP(
    \fBconst f_socket_t \fP\fIsocket\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Connect to a socket.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B socket
The socket structure. The socket.address may point to any valid structure, like "struct sockaddr", "struct sockaddr_un", or "struct sockaddr_in".

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_access_denied\fP (with error bit) on access denied.
.br
\fBF_available_not_address\fP (with error bit) if address is unavailable (is non-existent or not local).
.br
\fBF_block\fP (with error bit) if socket is blocked.
.br
\fBF_busy_address\fP (with error bit) if address is already in use (therefore unavailable).
.br
\fBF_complete_not\fP (with error bit) if a non-blocking connection attempt is not yet completed.
.br
\fBF_connect\fP (with error bit) if already connected.
.br
\fBF_connect_refuse\fP (with error bit) if connection is refused because there is nothing listening.
.br
\fBF_domain_not\fP (with error bit) if the given domain is unknown or is unsupported.
.br
\fBF_file_descriptor\fP (with error bit) if id is an invalid descriptor.
.br
\fBF_interrupt\fP (with error bit) if interrupt is received.
.br
\fBF_network_reach_not\fP (with error bit) if the network is unreachable.
.br
\fBF_progress\fP (with error bit) if if a non-blocking connection cannot be completed immediately.
.br
\fBF_prohibited\fP (with error bit) if the file system does not permit this operation.
.br
\fBF_protocol_not\fP (with error bit) if the given protocol is unknown or is unsupported.
.br
\fBF_socket_not\fP (with error bit) if the id is not a socket descriptor.
.br
\fBF_time_out\fP (with error bit) if a timeout occurred.
.br
\fBF_failure\fP (with error bit) for any other error.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2023 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
