.TH f_socket_listen "3" "February 2024" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.10" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_socket_listen
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/socket.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_socket_listen\fP(
    \fBf_socket_t *const  \fP\fIsocket\fP,
    \fBconst unsigned int \fP\fImax_backlog\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Set the socket to listen mode (passive socket).
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B socket
The socket structure. The socket.id must represent a valid socket file descriptor.

.TP
.B max_backlog
The max length of the pending connections queue. Suggested default setting: 8.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_busy_address\fP (with error bit) if address is already in use (therefore unavailable).
.br
\fBF_file_descriptor\fP (with error bit) if id is an invalid descriptor.
.br
\fBF_socket_not\fP (with error bit) if the id is not a socket descriptor.
.br
\fBF_supported_not\fP (with error bit) if this socket does not support the listen() operation.
.br
\fBF_failure\fP (with error bit) for any other error.
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.nh
.ad l
\fIf_socket_accept\fP(3), \fIf_socket_bind\fP(3), \fIf_socket_bind_local\fP(3), \fIf_socket_connect\fP(3), \fIf_socket_create\fP(3), \fIf_socket_create_pair\fP(3), \fIf_socket_disconnect\fP(3), \fIf_socket_listen\fP(3), \fIf_socket_option_get\fP(3), \fIf_socket_option_set\fP(3), \fIf_socket_read\fP(3), \fIf_socket_read_message\fP(3), \fIf_socket_write\fP(3), \fIf_socket_write_message\fP(3), \fIlisten()\fP
.ad
.hy
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2024 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
