.TH f_socket_bind_local "3" "July 2023" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.9" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_socket_bind_local
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/socket.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_socket_bind_local\fP(
    \fBf_socket_t *const \fP\fIsocket\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Bind a socket to a local (UNIX) socket file.
.PP
This does initialize and memset() the address with the address set to a UNIX socket (struct sockaddr_un).
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B socket
The socket structure. The socket.address must point to a "struct sockaddr_un". The socket.name must be assigned to a path. The socket.type must be assigned to f_socket_domain_file_d.

.SH RETURN VALUE
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_address\fP (with error bit) if address is already in use (therefore unavailable).
.br
\fBF_available_not_address\fP (with error bit) if address is unavailable (is non-existent or not local).
.br
\fBF_buffer\fP (with error bit) if the buffer is invalid.
.br
\fBF_busy_address\fP (with error bit) if address is already in use (therefore unavailable).
.br
\fBF_directory_found_not\fP (with error bit) if directory was not found.
.br
\fBF_file_found_not\fP (with error bit) if file not found.
.br
\fBF_local_not\fP (with erro bit) if domain in not a UNIX socket.
.br
\fBF_memory_not\fP (with error bit) if out of memory.
.br
\fBF_name\fP (with error bit) on path name error.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
\fBF_socket_not\fP (with error bit) if the id is not a socket descriptor.
.br
\fBF_string_too_large\fP (with error bit) if string is too large to store in the buffer.
.br
\fBF_failure\fP (with error bit) for any other error.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2023 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
