.TH f_socket_bind "3" "July 2023" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.6" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_socket_bind
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <socket.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_socket_bind\fP(
    \fBf_socket_t *const \fP\fIsocket\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Bind a socket to a name.
.PP
This does not initialize or otherwise memset() the address.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B socket
The socket structure. The socket.address may point to any valid structure, like "struct sockaddr", "struct sockaddr_un", or "struct sockaddr_in". The caller must appropriately initialize and configure the socket.address. The socket.length must represent the full size of the address structure. The socket.id must refer to a valid socket file descriptor.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_address\fP (with error bit) if address is already in use (therefore unavailable).
.br
\fBF_available_not_address\fP (with error bit) if address is unavailable (is non-existent or not local).
.br
\fBF_buffer\fP (with error bit) if the buffer is invalid.
.br
\fBF_busy_address\fP (with error bit) if address is already in use (therefore unavailable).
.br
\fBF_directory_found_not\fP (with error bit) if directory was not found.
.br
\fBF_file_found_not\fP (with error bit) if file not found.
.br
\fBF_memory_not\fP (with error bit) if out of memory.
.br
\fBF_name\fP (with error bit) on path name error.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
\fBF_socket_not\fP (with error bit) if the id is not a socket descriptor.
.br
\fBF_string_too_large\fP (with error bit) if string is too large to store in the buffer.
.br
\fBF_failure\fP (with error bit) for any other error.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2023 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
