.TH STATUS_CODE "1" "January 2023" "FLL - Status Code 0.7.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
status_code \- Convert to or from status codes returned by FLL programs.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B status_code
[\fI\,OPTIONS\/\fR] [\fI\,STATUS CODES\/\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The FLL programs use a \fB16-bit unsigned integer\fR to represent the return status of programs and functions.
Programs may print a generic error with one of these codes.
This is a tool for converting to or converting from these codes.

The \fB16-bit unsigned integer\fR also has the first two high-order bits used to represent flags.
These flags are the \fBerror\fR bit and the \fBwarning\fR bit.
When neither of these flags are set, then the status is considered \fBfine\f.

These codes stop at the \fBF_fss_status_code_last\fR code.

Each code will be printed on its own line.
Errors regarding each code may be printed on its own line.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\{+h, ++help\fR
Print the help message.
.TP
\fB+d, ++dark\fR
Output using colors that show up better on dark backgrounds
.TP
\fB+l, ++light\fR
Output using colors that show up better on light backgrounds.
.TP
\fB+n, ++no_color\fR
Do not print using color.
.TP
\fB+Q, ++quiet\fR
Decrease verbosity, silencing most output.
.TP
\fB+E, ++error\fR
Decrease verbosity, using only error output.
.TP
\fB+N, ++normal\fR
Set verbosity to normal.
.TP
\fB+V, ++verbose\fR
Increase verbosity beyond normal output.
.TP
\fB+D, ++debug\fR
Enable debugging, significantly increasing verbosity beyond normal output.
.TP
\fB+v, ++version\fR
Print only the version number.
.TP
\fB+F, ++line_first_no\fR
Disable printing of first line.
.TP
\fB+L, ++line_last_no\fR
Disable printing of last line.
.TP
\fB\-f, \-\-fine\fR
Print F_true or F_false if status code is neither an error nor a warning or print number with neither the error code nor the warning code bits set.
.TP
\fB\-w, \-\-warning\fR
Print F_true or F_false if status code is a warning or print number with warning code bit set.
.TP
\fB\-e, \-\-error\fR
Print F_true or F_false if status code is an error or print number with error code bit set.
.TP
\fB\-n, \-\-number\fR
Convert status code name to number.
.SH STATUS CODES
.TP
Either code strings, such as \fBF_none\fR, or digits, such as \fB197\fR.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2023 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
