.TH fl_print_trim "3" "July 2023" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.8" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
fl_print_trim
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_1/print.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t fl_print_trim\fP(
    \fBconst f_string_t       \fP\fIstring\fP,
    \fBconst f_array_length_t \fP\fIlength\fP,
    \fBFILE *const            \fP\fIstream\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Print a string, stripping leading and trailing whitespace.
.PP
Except for leading/trailing whitespace, the string is printed as-is without interpretation.
.PP
Will not stop at NULL. Will not print NULL.
.PP
This print function does not use locking, be sure something like flockfile() and funlockfile() are appropriately called.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B string
The string to output.

.TP
.B length
The total number of characters to print.

.TP
.B stream
The file stream to output to, including standard streams such as stdout and stderr.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_data_not\fP on success but there is nothing to print.
.br
\fBF_complete_not_utf_stop\fP (with error bit) if character is an incomplete UTF-8 fragment at end of the string.
.br
\fBF_output\fP (with error bit) on error when printing to output.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
\fBF_utf_not\fP (with error bit) if character is an invalid UTF-8 character.
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: f_utf_is_combining().
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: f_utf_is_valid().
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: f_utf_is_whitespace().
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2023 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
