.TH fl_print_trim_dynamic_partial_raw "3" "July 2023" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.6" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
fl_print_trim_dynamic_partial_raw
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <print.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t fl_print_trim_dynamic_partial_raw\fP(
    \fBconst f_string_static_t \fP\fIbuffer\fP,
    \fBconst f_string_range_t  \fP\fIrange\fP,
    \fBFILE *const             \fP\fIstream\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Print a partial dynamic string, stripping leading and trailing whitespace.
.PP
Except for leading/trailing whitespace, the string is printed as-is without interpretation.
.PP
Will not stop at NULL. Will print NULL. Will print the only the buffer range specified by range, except for leading/trailing whitespace.
.PP
All UTF-8 characters, invalid or not, are printed as is, except for trimmed characters. Invalid UTF-8 characters are not considered whitespace for the purpose of trimming.
.PP
NULL characters are treated as whitespace for the purpose of trimming.
.PP
This print function does not use locking, be sure something like flockfile() and funlockfile() are appropriately called.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B buffer
The string to output.

.TP
.B range
The range within the provided string to print.

.TP
.B stream
The file stream to output to, including standard streams such as stdout and stderr.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_data_not\fP on success but there is nothing to print.
.br
\fBF_output\fP (with error bit) on error when printing to output.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
\fBF_utf_not\fP (with error bit) if character is an invalid UTF-8 character.
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: f_utf_is_combining().
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: f_utf_is_whitespace().
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2023 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
