.TH fll_fss_snatch_map_apart "3" "July 2023" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.6" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
fll_fss_snatch_map_apart
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fss.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t fll_fss_snatch_map_apart\fP(
    \fBconst f_string_static_t      \fP\fIbuffer\fP,
    \fBconst f_fss_objects_t        \fP\fIobjects\fP,
    \fBconst f_fss_contents_t       \fP\fIcontents\fP,
    \fBconst f_string_static_t      \fP\fInames\fP,
    \fBconst f_array_length_t       \fP\fIsize\fP,
    \fBf_string_map_multis_t *const \fP\fIvalues\fP,
    \fBbool                         \fP\fImatches\fP,
    \fBf_array_lengths_t *const     \fP\fIindexs\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Perform simple search through all objects against the given set, saving all values to a multi map when matched.
.PP
All matches for each object and map name is snatched. All content map values for each object and map name is snatched.
.PP
The first content value is considered the map name, all other content values are considered a map value. Multiple contents, after the first, for a single object are stored in separate map value strings. Content for multiple identical objects and map names are added in separate maps from other objects (map names are therefore non-distinct).
.PP
This will ignore any object that has no map name.
.PP
This will trim the object names when comparing (removing leading/trailing whitespace). This will strip NULL characters when copying.
.PP
This performs only a simple search algorithm that should be acceptable for small sets where performance is generally not a concern.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B buffer
The buffer to read from.

.TP
.B objects
This object mappings to process.

.TP
.B contents
This content mappings to process.

.TP
.B names
An array of strings to "snatch" from the buffer.

.TP
.B size
The total size of the names and values arrays.

.TP
.B values
An array of multi map arrays where "snatched" content is stored.

.TP
.B matches
An array representing the if an Object was matched. Set the pointer address to 0 to disable.

.TP
.B indexs
An array representing the index within the Objects where the Content match was made. Set the pointer address to 0 to disable.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_data_not\fP when there is no buffer, objects or contents to process.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: f_string_dynamic_partial_append_nulless().
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: fl_string_dynamic_partial_compare_trim_string().
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2023 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
