.TH fll_program_standard_signal_received "3" "February 2024" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.10" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
fll_program_standard_signal_received
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_2/program.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t fll_program_standard_signal_received\fP(
    \fBfll_program_data_t *const \fP\fImain\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Check to see if a process signal is received.
.PP
Only signals that are blocked via main.signal will be received.
.PP
If no signals are blocked, then this always returns F_false.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B main
The main program data. The main->signal must be used to designate blocked signals.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
A positive number representing a valid signal on signal received.
.br
0 on no signal received or when main is NULL.
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.nh
.ad l
\fIfll_program_parameter_additional_append\fP(3), \fIfll_program_parameter_additional_mash\fP(3), \fIfll_program_parameter_additional_rip\fP(3), \fIfll_program_parameter_additional_rip_mash\fP(3), \fIfll_program_parameter_long_print_cannot_use_with\fP(3), \fIfll_program_parameter_process\fP(3), \fIfll_program_parameter_process_empty\fP(3), \fIfll_program_print_help_header\fP(3), \fIfll_program_print_help_option\fP(3), \fIfll_program_print_help_option_long\fP(3), \fIfll_program_print_help_option_other\fP(3), \fIfll_program_print_help_usage\fP(3), \fIfll_program_print_version\fP(3), \fIfll_program_standard_setdown\fP(3), \fIfll_program_standard_setup\fP(3), \fIfll_program_standard_signal_received\fP(3), \fIfll_program_standard_signal_state\fP(3), \fIf_signal_read()\fP
.ad
.hy
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2024 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
