.TH fll_program_parameter_additional_rip_mash "3" "February 2024" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.10" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
fll_program_parameter_additional_rip_mash
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_2/program.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t fll_program_parameter_additional_rip_mash\fP(
    \fBconst f_string_static_t   \fP\fIglue\fP,
    \fBconst f_string_static_t  *\fP\fIarguments\fP,
    \fBconst f_array_lengths_t   \fP\fIvalues\fP,
    \fBf_string_dynamic_t *const \fP\fIdestination\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Mash together all values arguments associated with a given console parameter.
.PP
The console parameter is trimmed before mashing.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B glue
A string to append between the source and destination, such as a space: ' '.

.TP
.B arguments
The program argument array to parse. The caller must guarantee that the indexes within values do not exceed the arguments array length.

.TP
.B values
The string locations where the console parameters are found.

.TP
.B destination
The destination string the source and glue are appended onto.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_data_not\fP if nothing to rip, no allocations or reallocations are performed.
.br
\fBF_memory_not\fP (with error bit) on out of memory.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
\fBF_string_too_large\fP (with error bit) if the combined string is too large.
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: f_string_dynamic_mash().
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: fl_string_dynamic_rip().
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.nh
.ad l
\fIfll_program_parameter_additional_append\fP(3), \fIfll_program_parameter_additional_mash\fP(3), \fIfll_program_parameter_additional_rip\fP(3), \fIfll_program_parameter_additional_rip_mash\fP(3), \fIfll_program_parameter_long_print_cannot_use_with\fP(3), \fIfll_program_parameter_process\fP(3), \fIfll_program_parameter_process_empty\fP(3), \fIfll_program_print_help_header\fP(3), \fIfll_program_print_help_option\fP(3), \fIfll_program_print_help_option_long\fP(3), \fIfll_program_print_help_option_other\fP(3), \fIfll_program_print_help_usage\fP(3), \fIfll_program_print_version\fP(3), \fIfll_program_standard_setdown\fP(3), \fIfll_program_standard_setup\fP(3), \fIfll_program_standard_signal_received\fP(3), \fIfll_program_standard_signal_state\fP(3), \fIf_string_dynamic_mash()\fP, \fIfl_string_dynamic_rip()\fP, \fIf_string_dynamic_mash()\fP, \fIfl_string_dynamic_rip()\fP
.ad
.hy
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2024 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
