.TH fl_conversion_dynamic_to_unsigned "3" "July 2023" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.9" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
fl_conversion_dynamic_to_unsigned
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_1/conversion.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t fl_conversion_dynamic_to_unsigned\fP(
    \fBconst fl_conversion_data_t \fP\fIdata\fP,
    \fBconst f_string_static_t    \fP\fIbuffer\fP,
    \fBf_number_unsigned_t *const \fP\fInumber\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Convert a series of number characters into a f_number_unsigned_t.
.PP
This will stop at one of the following: a non-digit. This will ignore NULL values. This will not process signed statuses (+/-).
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B data
Conversion data for specifying things such as treating this as a negative number.

.TP
.B buffer
The string to convert.

.TP
.B number
This will store the value of the converted string. This value is only changed on success.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP if the binary string was converted to an unsigned long.
.br
\fBF_data_not\fP if string starts with a null (length is 0).
.br
\fBF_base_not\fP (with error bit) if no supported or valid base unit is provided.
.br
\fBF_number\fP (with error bit) if no conversion was made due to non-binary values being found.
.br
\fBF_number_decimal\fP (with error bit) if number has a decimal digit.
.br
\fBF_number_overflow\fP (with error bit) on integer overflow.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2023 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
