.TH f_file_stream_close "3" "February 2024" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.9" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_file_stream_close
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/file.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_file_stream_close\fP(
    \fBconst bool      \fP\fIflush\fP,
    \fBf_file_t *const \fP\fIfile\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Close an open file stream.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B flush
If TRUE, will explicitly flush all unwritten data in any buffers to the file. If FALSE, will not explicitly flush unwritten data.

.TP
.B file
The file information. The file.stream is set to 0, on success or on failure. The file.id is set to 0, on success or on failure.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP is returned on success.
.br
\fBF_access_denied\fP (with error bit) on access denied.
.br
\fBF_block\fP (with error bit) if the action would block and non-blocking is set on the stream.
.br
\fBF_buffer\fP (with error bit) if the buffer is invalid.
.br
\fBF_deadlock\fP (with error bit) if operation would cause a deadlock.
.br
\fBF_file_close\fP (with error bit) if fclose() failed for any other reason.
.br
\fBF_file_descriptor\fP (with error bit) if file descriptor is invalid.
.br
\fBF_file_descriptor_max\fP (with error bit) if max file descriptors is reached.
.br
\fBF_file_overflow\fP (with error bit) if the write exceeds some implementation defined maximum file size.
.br
\fBF_file_synchronize\fP (with error bit) on flush failure.
.br
\fBF_file_type_not_directory\fP (with error bit) if F_NOTIFY was specified and file.id is not a directory.
.br
\fBF_filesystem_quota_block\fP (with error bit) if file system's disk blocks or inodes are exhausted.
.br
\fBF_input_output\fP (with error bit) on I/O error.
.br
\fBF_interrupt\fP (with error bit) when program received an interrupt signal, halting operation.
.br
\fBF_lock\fP (with error bit) if failed to lock, such as lock table is full or too many open segments.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
\fBF_pipe_not\fP (with error bit) if the stream is a pipe or a socket but the pipe or socket is already closed.
.br
\fBF_space_not\fP (with error bit) if file system is out of space (or file system quota is reached).
.br
\fBF_socket_not\fP (with error bit) if the datagram socket in which a peer has not been set (for socket related streams).
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.nh
.ad l
\fIf_file_access\fP(3), \fIf_file_access_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_clone\fP(3), \fIf_file_close\fP(3), \fIf_file_close_flush\fP(3), \fIf_file_copy\fP(3), \fIf_file_create\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_device\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_device_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_fifo\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_fifo_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_node\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_node_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_descriptor\fP(3), \fIf_file_exists\fP(3), \fIf_file_exists_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_flush\fP(3), \fIf_file_group_read\fP(3), \fIf_file_is\fP(3), \fIf_file_is_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_link\fP(3), \fIf_file_link_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_link_hard\fP(3), \fIf_file_link_hard_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_link_read\fP(3), \fIf_file_link_read_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_determine\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_from_string\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_read\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_read_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_set\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_set_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_to_mode\fP(3), \fIf_file_name_base\fP(3), \fIf_file_name_directory\fP(3), \fIf_file_open\fP(3), \fIf_file_open_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_owner_read\fP(3), \fIf_file_read\fP(3), \fIf_file_read_block\fP(3), \fIf_file_read_until\fP(3), \fIf_file_remove\fP(3), \fIf_file_remove_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_rename\fP(3), \fIf_file_rename_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_role_change\fP(3), \fIf_file_role_change_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_seek\fP(3), \fIf_file_size\fP(3), \fIf_file_size_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_size_by_id\fP(3), \fIf_file_stat\fP(3), \fIf_file_stat_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_stat_by_id\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_close\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_open\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_open_descriptor\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_read\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_read_block\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_read_until\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_reopen\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_write\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_write_block\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_write_range\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_write_until\fP(3), \fIf_file_touch\fP(3), \fIf_file_touch_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_type\fP(3), \fIf_file_type_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_umask_get\fP(3), \fIf_file_umask_set\fP(3), \fIf_file_write\fP(3), \fIf_file_write_block\fP(3), \fIf_file_write_range\fP(3), \fIf_file_write_until\fP(3), \fIclose()\fP, \fIfclose()\fP, \fIfflush()\fP
.ad
.hy
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2024 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
