.TH f_file_stream_open "3" "February 2024" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.10" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_file_stream_open
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/file.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_file_stream_open\fP(
    \fBconst f_string_static_t \fP\fIpath\fP,
    \fBconst f_string_static_t \fP\fImode\fP,
    \fBf_file_t *const         \fP\fIfile\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Open a file stream.
.PP
The file descriptor is retrieved on success, if necessary and able.
.PP
If the file stream is open, it is closed before re-opening.
.PP
This is often used for changing the file pointed to by standard streams such as stdout.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B path
The file path.

.TP
.B mode
The file modes do use when opening, as an fopen() file mode string. Set mode.used to 0 to determine mode from file.flags (falling back to read only as a failsafe). If neither truncate nor append are specified in write only mode, then the failsafe is to append.

.TP
.B file
The file information. The file.stream is updated if necessary. The file.id is updated with the file descriptor, if necessary and able.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP is returned on success.
.br
\fBF_data_not\fP if both path.used is 0.
.br
\fBF_access_denied\fP (with error bit) on access denied.
.br
\fBF_buffer\fP (with error bit) if the buffer is invalid.
.br
\fBF_busy\fP (with error bit) if file system is too busy to perform write.
.br
\fBF_file_descriptor\fP (with error bit) if unable to load the file descriptor.
.br
\fBF_file_found_not\fP (with error bit) if the file was not found.
.br
\fBF_file_open_max\fP (with error bit) when system-wide max open files is reached.
.br
\fBF_file_type_not_directory\fP (with error bit) if F_NOTIFY was specified and file.id is not a directory.
.br
\fBF_filesystem_quota_block\fP (with error bit) if file system's disk blocks or inodes are exhausted.
.br
\fBF_interrupt\fP (with error bit) when program received an interrupt signal, halting operation.
.br
\fBF_loop\fP (with error bit) on loop error.
.br
\fBF_memory_not\fP (with error bit) if out of memory.
.br
\fBF_name\fP (with error bit) on path name is too long.
.br
\fBF_number_overflow\fP (with error bit) on overflow error.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
\fBF_prohibited\fP (with error bit) if file system does not allow for making changes.
.br
\fBF_read_only\fP (with error bit) if file is read-only.
.br
\fBF_supported_not\fP (with error bit) fo unsupported file types.
.br
\fBF_failure\fP (with error bit) for any other error.
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.nh
.ad l
\fIf_file_access\fP(3), \fIf_file_access_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_clone\fP(3), \fIf_file_close\fP(3), \fIf_file_close_flush\fP(3), \fIf_file_copy\fP(3), \fIf_file_create\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_device\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_device_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_fifo\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_fifo_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_node\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_node_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_descriptor\fP(3), \fIf_file_exists\fP(3), \fIf_file_exists_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_flush\fP(3), \fIf_file_group_read\fP(3), \fIf_file_is\fP(3), \fIf_file_is_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_link\fP(3), \fIf_file_link_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_link_hard\fP(3), \fIf_file_link_hard_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_link_read\fP(3), \fIf_file_link_read_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_determine\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_from_string\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_read\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_read_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_set\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_set_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_to_mode\fP(3), \fIf_file_name_base\fP(3), \fIf_file_name_directory\fP(3), \fIf_file_open\fP(3), \fIf_file_open_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_owner_read\fP(3), \fIf_file_read\fP(3), \fIf_file_read_block\fP(3), \fIf_file_read_until\fP(3), \fIf_file_remove\fP(3), \fIf_file_remove_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_rename\fP(3), \fIf_file_rename_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_role_change\fP(3), \fIf_file_role_change_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_seek\fP(3), \fIf_file_size\fP(3), \fIf_file_size_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_size_by_id\fP(3), \fIf_file_stat\fP(3), \fIf_file_stat_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_stat_by_id\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_close\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_open\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_open_descriptor\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_read\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_read_block\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_read_until\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_reopen\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_write\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_write_block\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_write_range\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_write_until\fP(3), \fIf_file_touch\fP(3), \fIf_file_touch_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_type\fP(3), \fIf_file_type_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_umask_get\fP(3), \fIf_file_umask_set\fP(3), \fIf_file_write\fP(3), \fIf_file_write_block\fP(3), \fIf_file_write_range\fP(3), \fIf_file_write_until\fP(3), \fIfileno()\fP, \fIfopen()\fP
.ad
.hy
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2024 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
