.TH f_file_is_at "3" "February 2024" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.10" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_file_is_at
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/file.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_file_is_at\fP(
    \fBconst int               \fP\fIat_id\fP,
    \fBconst f_string_static_t \fP\fIpath\fP,
    \fBconst int               \fP\fItype\fP,
    \fBconst int               \fP\fIflag\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Identify whether or not a file exists at the given path within the parent directory and if that file is a specific type.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B at_id
The parent directory, as an open directory file descriptor, in which path is relative to.

.TP
.B path
The path file name.

.TP
.B type
The type of the file.

.TP
.B flag
Any valid flag, such as F_file_at_path_empty_d, F_file_at_automount_no_d, or F_file_at_symlink_follow_no_d.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_true\fP if path was found and path is type.
.br
\fBF_false\fP if path was found and path is not type.
.br
\fBF_file_found_not\fP if the path was not found.
.br
\fBF_data_not\fP if path.used is 0.
.br
\fBF_access_denied\fP (with error bit) if access to the file was denied.
.br
\fBF_directory_descriptor\fP (with error bit) when at_id is not a valid file descriptor (at_id must point to a directory).
.br
\fBF_directory_not\fP (with error bit) on invalid directory.
.br
\fBF_loop\fP (with error bit) on loop error.
.br
\fBF_memory_not\fP (with error bit) if out of memory.
.br
\fBF_name\fP (with error bit) on path name error.
.br
\fBF_number_overflow\fP (with error bit) on overflow error.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.nh
.ad l
\fIf_file_access\fP(3), \fIf_file_access_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_clone\fP(3), \fIf_file_close\fP(3), \fIf_file_close_flush\fP(3), \fIf_file_copy\fP(3), \fIf_file_create\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_device\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_device_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_fifo\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_fifo_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_node\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_node_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_descriptor\fP(3), \fIf_file_exists\fP(3), \fIf_file_exists_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_flush\fP(3), \fIf_file_group_read\fP(3), \fIf_file_is\fP(3), \fIf_file_is_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_link\fP(3), \fIf_file_link_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_link_hard\fP(3), \fIf_file_link_hard_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_link_read\fP(3), \fIf_file_link_read_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_determine\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_from_string\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_read\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_read_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_set\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_set_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_to_mode\fP(3), \fIf_file_name_base\fP(3), \fIf_file_name_directory\fP(3), \fIf_file_open\fP(3), \fIf_file_open_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_owner_read\fP(3), \fIf_file_read\fP(3), \fIf_file_read_block\fP(3), \fIf_file_read_until\fP(3), \fIf_file_remove\fP(3), \fIf_file_remove_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_rename\fP(3), \fIf_file_rename_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_role_change\fP(3), \fIf_file_role_change_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_seek\fP(3), \fIf_file_size\fP(3), \fIf_file_size_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_size_by_id\fP(3), \fIf_file_stat\fP(3), \fIf_file_stat_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_stat_by_id\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_close\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_open\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_open_descriptor\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_read\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_read_block\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_read_until\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_reopen\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_write\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_write_block\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_write_range\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_write_until\fP(3), \fIf_file_touch\fP(3), \fIf_file_touch_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_type\fP(3), \fIf_file_type_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_umask_get\fP(3), \fIf_file_umask_set\fP(3), \fIf_file_write\fP(3), \fIf_file_write_block\fP(3), \fIf_file_write_range\fP(3), \fIf_file_write_until\fP(3), \fIfstatat()\fP
.ad
.hy
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2024 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
