.TH f_file_remove_at "3" "July 2023" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.6" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_file_remove_at
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <file.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_file_remove_at\fP(
    \fBconst int               \fP\fIat_id\fP,
    \fBconst f_string_static_t \fP\fIpath\fP,
    \fBconst int               \fP\fIflag\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Remove a file.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B at_id
The parent directory, as an open directory file descriptor, in which path is relative to.

.TP
.B path
The path file name.

.TP
.B flag
Any valid flag, such as F_file_at_path_empty_d, F_file_at_automount_no_d, or F_file_at_symlink_follow_no_d.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_access_denied\fP (with error bit) on access denied.
.br
\fBF_busy\fP (with error bit) if file is busy.
.br
\fBF_directory_descriptor\fP (with error bit) when at_id is not a valid file descriptor (at_id must point to a directory).
.br
\fBF_directory_not\fP (with error bit) if a supposed directory in path is not actually a directory.
.br
\fBF_file_found_not\fP (with error bit) if file not found.
.br
\fBF_file_type_directory\fP (with error bit) file is a directory (directories cannot be removed via this function).
.br
\fBF_input_output\fP (with error bit) if an I/O error occurred.
.br
\fBF_loop\fP (with error bit) on loop error.
.br
\fBF_memory_not\fP (with error bit) if out of memory.
.br
\fBF_name\fP (with error bit) on path name error.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
\fBF_prohibited\fP (with error bit) if file system does not allow for making changes.
.br
\fBF_read_only\fP (with error bit) if file is read-only.
.br
\fBF_failure\fP (with error bit) for any other error.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2023 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
