.TH f_file_touch_at "3" "July 2023" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.9" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_file_touch_at
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/file.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_file_touch_at\fP(
    \fBconst int               \fP\fIat_id\fP,
    \fBconst f_string_static_t \fP\fIpath\fP,
    \fBconst mode_t            \fP\fImode\fP,
    \fBconst int               \fP\fIflag\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Update the files access and modification timestamp, creating the file if it does not already exist.
.PP
When the file is created, it is created as a regular file.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B at_id
The parent directory, as an open directory file descriptor, in which path is relative to.

.TP
.B path
The path file name.

.TP
.B mode
The file mode to use when (regular) file is created.

.TP
.B flag
Any valid flag, such as F_file_at_path_empty_d, F_file_at_automount_no_d, or F_file_at_symlink_follow_no_d.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_access_denied\fP (with error bit) on access denied.
.br
\fBF_buffer\fP (with error bit) if the buffer is invalid.
.br
\fBF_busy\fP (with error bit) if file system is too busy to perform write.
.br
\fBF_directory_descriptor\fP (with error bit) when at_id is not a valid file descriptor (at_id must point to a directory).
.br
\fBF_directory_not\fP (with error bit) if a supposed directory in path is not actually a directory.
.br
\fBF_file_found\fP (with error bit) if a file aleady exists at the path (when calling utimensat()).
.br
\fBF_file_open_max\fP (with error bit) when system-wide max open files is reached.
.br
\fBF_filesystem_quota_block\fP (with error bit) if file system's disk blocks or inodes are exhausted.
.br
\fBF_filesystem_quota_reached\fP (with error bit) quota reached of file system is out of space.
.br
\fBF_interrupt\fP (with error bit) when program received an interrupt signal, halting operation.
.br
\fBF_loop\fP (with error bit) on loop error.
.br
\fBF_memory_not\fP (with error bit) if out of memory.
.br
\fBF_name\fP (with error bit) on path name error.
.br
\fBF_number_overflow\fP (with error bit) on overflow error.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
\fBF_prohibited\fP (with error bit) if file system does not allow for creating or linking.
.br
\fBF_read_only\fP (with error bit) if file system is read-only.
.br
\fBF_search\fP (with error bit) if search permission is denied for one of the paths to the file.
.br
\fBF_failure\fP (with error bit) for any other error.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2023 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
