.TH f_file_open "3" "July 2023" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.6" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_file_open
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <file.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_file_open\fP(
    \fBconst f_string_static_t \fP\fIpath\fP,
    \fBconst mode_t            \fP\fImode\fP,
    \fBf_file_t *const         \fP\fIfile\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Open a particular file and save its stream.
.PP
This will open the file as a file descriptor. This does not open a file stream.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B path
The path file name.

.TP
.B mode
The file mode to open in.

.TP
.B file
The data related to the file being opened. This will be updated with the file descriptor.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP is returned on success.
.br
\fBF_data_not\fP if path.used is 0.
.br
\fBF_access_denied\fP (with error bit) on access denied.
.br
\fBF_buffer\fP (with error bit) if the buffer is invalid.
.br
\fBF_busy\fP (with error bit) if file system is too busy to perform write.
.br
\fBF_directory\fP (with error bit) if path is a directory and is unable to access a directory (read, write, already exists, etc.. depending on requested open action).
.br
\fBF_file_found_not\fP (with error bit) if the file was not found.
.br
\fBF_file_open_max\fP (with error bit) when system-wide max open files is reached.
.br
\fBF_file_type_not_directory\fP (with error bit) if
.br
\fBF_NOTIFY\fP was specified and file.id is not a directory.
.br
\fBF_filesystem_quota_block\fP (with error bit) if file system's disk blocks or inodes are exhausted.
.br
\fBF_interrupt\fP (with error bit) when program received an interrupt signal, halting operation.
.br
\fBF_loop\fP (with error bit) on loop error.
.br
\fBF_memory_not\fP (with error bit) if out of memory.
.br
\fBF_name\fP (with error bit) on path name is too long.
.br
\fBF_number_overflow\fP (with error bit) on overflow error.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
\fBF_prohibited\fP (with error bit) if file system does not allow for making changes.
.br
\fBF_read_only\fP (with error bit) if file is read-only.
.br
\fBF_supported_not\fP (with error bit) fo unsupported file types.
.br
\fBF_failure\fP (with error bit) for any other error.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2023 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
