.TH f_file_create_device "3" "February 2024" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.9" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_file_create_device
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/file.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_file_create_device\fP(
    \fBconst f_string_static_t \fP\fIpath\fP,
    \fBconst mode_t            \fP\fImode\fP,
    \fBconst unsigned int      \fP\fImajor\fP,
    \fBconst unsigned int      \fP\fIminor\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Create a device node based on the given path and file mode.
.PP
Warning: Due to the current status of POSIX and LINUX in regards to major and minor devices, this utilizes the non-POSI makedev() function.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B path
The path file name.

.TP
.B mode
The file mode to assign.

.TP
.B major
The major device number for character and block file types. Is ignored by pipe file types.

.TP
.B minor
The minor device number for character and block file types. Is ignored by pipe file types.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_data_not\fP if path.used is 0.
.br
\fBF_access_denied\fP (with error bit) on access denied.
.br
\fBF_directory_not\fP (with error bit) if a supposed directory in path is not actually a directory.
.br
\fBF_file_found\fP (with error bit) if a file was found while exclusive is TRUE.
.br
\fBF_filesystem_quota_block\fP (with error bit) if file system's disk blocks or inodes are exhausted.
.br
\fBF_loop\fP (with error bit) on loop error.
.br
\fBF_memory_not\fP (with error bit) if out of memory.
.br
\fBF_name\fP (with error bit) on path name error.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
\fBF_prohibited\fP (with error bit) if file system does not allow for making changes.
.br
\fBF_space_not\fP (with error bit) if file system is out of space (or file system quota is reached).
.br
\fBF_supported_not\fP (with error bit) for unsupported file types.
.br
\fBF_failure\fP (with error bit) for any other error.
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.nh
.ad l
\fIf_file_access\fP(3), \fIf_file_access_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_clone\fP(3), \fIf_file_close\fP(3), \fIf_file_close_flush\fP(3), \fIf_file_copy\fP(3), \fIf_file_create\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_device\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_device_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_fifo\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_fifo_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_node\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_node_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_descriptor\fP(3), \fIf_file_exists\fP(3), \fIf_file_exists_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_flush\fP(3), \fIf_file_group_read\fP(3), \fIf_file_is\fP(3), \fIf_file_is_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_link\fP(3), \fIf_file_link_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_link_hard\fP(3), \fIf_file_link_hard_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_link_read\fP(3), \fIf_file_link_read_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_determine\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_from_string\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_read\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_read_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_set\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_set_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_to_mode\fP(3), \fIf_file_name_base\fP(3), \fIf_file_name_directory\fP(3), \fIf_file_open\fP(3), \fIf_file_open_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_owner_read\fP(3), \fIf_file_read\fP(3), \fIf_file_read_block\fP(3), \fIf_file_read_until\fP(3), \fIf_file_remove\fP(3), \fIf_file_remove_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_rename\fP(3), \fIf_file_rename_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_role_change\fP(3), \fIf_file_role_change_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_seek\fP(3), \fIf_file_size\fP(3), \fIf_file_size_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_size_by_id\fP(3), \fIf_file_stat\fP(3), \fIf_file_stat_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_stat_by_id\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_close\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_open\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_open_descriptor\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_read\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_read_block\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_read_until\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_reopen\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_write\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_write_block\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_write_range\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_write_until\fP(3), \fIf_file_touch\fP(3), \fIf_file_touch_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_type\fP(3), \fIf_file_type_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_umask_get\fP(3), \fIf_file_umask_set\fP(3), \fIf_file_write\fP(3), \fIf_file_write_block\fP(3), \fIf_file_write_range\fP(3), \fIf_file_write_until\fP(3), \fImakedev()\fP, \fImknod()\fP
.ad
.hy
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2024 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
