.TH f_file_stat_at "3" "July 2023" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.6" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_file_stat_at
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <file.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_file_stat_at\fP(
    \fBconst int               \fP\fIat_id\fP,
    \fBconst f_string_static_t \fP\fIpath\fP,
    \fBconst int               \fP\fIflag\fP,
    \fBstruct stat *const      \fP\fIstat_file\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Read statistics of a file relative to the path represented by the file descriptor id.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B at_id
The parent directory, as an open directory file descriptor, in which path is relative to.

.TP
.B path
The path to the file.

.TP
.B flag
Any valid flag, such as F_file_at_path_empty_d, F_file_at_automount_no_d, or F_file_at_symlink_follow_no_d.

.TP
.B stat_file
The statistics read.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_access_denied\fP (with error bit) if access to the file was denied.
.br
\fBF_directory_descriptor\fP (with error bit) when at_id is not a valid file descriptor (at_id must point to a directory).
.br
\fBF_directory_not\fP (with error bit) on invalid directory.
.br
\fBF_file_found_not\fP (with error bit) if the file was not found.
.br
\fBF_loop\fP (with error bit) on loop error.
.br
\fBF_memory_not\fP (with error bit) if out of memory.
.br
\fBF_name\fP (with error bit) on path name error.
.br
\fBF_number_overflow\fP (with error bit) on overflow error.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2023 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
