.TH f_file_link_read_at "3" "February 2024" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.10" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_file_link_read_at
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/file.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_file_link_read_at\fP(
    \fBconst int                 \fP\fIat_id\fP,
    \fBconst f_string_static_t   \fP\fIpath\fP,
    \fBconst int                 \fP\fIflag\fP,
    \fBf_string_dynamic_t *const \fP\fItarget\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Get the target a given link points to.
.PP
This does not require access on the file itself. This only requires access via the parent directories in the path.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B at_id
The parent directory, as an open directory file descriptor, in which path is relative to.

.TP
.B path
The path file name.

.TP
.B flag
Any valid flag, such as F_file_at_path_empty_d, F_file_at_automount_no_d, or F_file_at_symlink_follow_no_d.

.TP
.B target
Will be replaced with the path in which the link points to. Will be NULL terminated with the NULL at target.string[target.used];

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_data_not\fP if path.used is 0.
.br
\fBF_access_denied\fP (with error bit) on access denied.
.br
\fBF_buffer\fP (with error bit) if the buffer is invalid.
.br
\fBF_directory_descriptor\fP (with error bit) when at_id is not a valid file descriptor (at_id must point to a directory).
.br
\fBF_directory_not\fP (with error bit) if a supposed directory in path is not actually a directory.
.br
\fBF_file_found_not\fP (with error bit) if the file at path was not found.
.br
\fBF_input_output\fP (with error bit) on I/O error.
.br
\fBF_loop\fP (with error bit) on loop error.
.br
\fBF_memory_not\fP (with error bit) if out of memory.
.br
\fBF_name\fP (with error bit) on path name error.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
\fBF_string_too_large\fP (with error bit) if link target path is too large for string buffer size.
.br
\fBF_failure\fP (with error bit) for any other error.
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: f_string_dynamic_increase_by() Errors (with error bit) from: f_string_dynamic_terminate_after()
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.nh
.ad l
\fIf_file_access\fP(3), \fIf_file_access_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_clone\fP(3), \fIf_file_close\fP(3), \fIf_file_close_flush\fP(3), \fIf_file_copy\fP(3), \fIf_file_create\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_device\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_device_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_fifo\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_fifo_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_node\fP(3), \fIf_file_create_node_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_descriptor\fP(3), \fIf_file_exists\fP(3), \fIf_file_exists_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_flush\fP(3), \fIf_file_group_read\fP(3), \fIf_file_is\fP(3), \fIf_file_is_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_link\fP(3), \fIf_file_link_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_link_hard\fP(3), \fIf_file_link_hard_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_link_read\fP(3), \fIf_file_link_read_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_determine\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_from_string\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_read\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_read_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_set\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_set_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_mode_to_mode\fP(3), \fIf_file_name_base\fP(3), \fIf_file_name_directory\fP(3), \fIf_file_open\fP(3), \fIf_file_open_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_owner_read\fP(3), \fIf_file_read\fP(3), \fIf_file_read_block\fP(3), \fIf_file_read_until\fP(3), \fIf_file_remove\fP(3), \fIf_file_remove_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_rename\fP(3), \fIf_file_rename_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_role_change\fP(3), \fIf_file_role_change_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_seek\fP(3), \fIf_file_size\fP(3), \fIf_file_size_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_size_by_id\fP(3), \fIf_file_stat\fP(3), \fIf_file_stat_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_stat_by_id\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_close\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_open\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_open_descriptor\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_read\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_read_block\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_read_until\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_reopen\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_write\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_write_block\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_write_range\fP(3), \fIf_file_stream_write_until\fP(3), \fIf_file_touch\fP(3), \fIf_file_touch_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_type\fP(3), \fIf_file_type_at\fP(3), \fIf_file_umask_get\fP(3), \fIf_file_umask_set\fP(3), \fIf_file_write\fP(3), \fIf_file_write_block\fP(3), \fIf_file_write_range\fP(3), \fIf_file_write_until\fP(3), \fIf_string_dynamic_increase_by()\fP, \fIf_string_dynamic_terminate_after()\fP, \fIfstatat()\fP, \fIreadlinkat()\fP, \fIf_string_dynamic_increase_by()\fP, \fIf_string_dynamic_terminate_after()\fP
.ad
.hy
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2024 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
