.TH f_file_role_change_at "3" "July 2023" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.6" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_file_role_change_at
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/file.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_file_role_change_at\fP(
    \fBconst int               \fP\fIat_id\fP,
    \fBconst f_string_static_t \fP\fIpath\fP,
    \fBconst uid_t             \fP\fIuid\fP,
    \fBconst gid_t             \fP\fIgid\fP,
    \fBconst int               \fP\fIflag\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Change owner and/or group of a given file at the specified path.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B at_id
The parent directory, as an open directory file descriptor, in which path is relative to.

.TP
.B path
The path file name.

.TP
.B uid
The new user id to use. Set to -1 to not change.

.TP
.B gid
The new group id to use. Set to -1 to not change.

.TP
.B flag
Any valid flag, such as F_file_at_path_empty_d, F_file_at_automount_no_d, or F_file_at_symlink_follow_no_d.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_data_not\fP if either both uid and gid are -1 or path.used is 0.
.br
\fBF_access_denied\fP (with error bit) on access denied.
.br
\fBF_access_group\fP (with error bit) if the current user does not have access to assign the specified group.
.br
\fBF_access_owner\fP (with error bit) if the current user does not have access to assign the specified owner.
.br
\fBF_buffer\fP (with error bit) if the buffer is invalid.
.br
\fBF_directory_descriptor\fP (with error bit) when at_id is not a valid file descriptor (at_id must point to a directory).
.br
\fBF_directory_not\fP (with error bit) on invalid directory.
.br
\fBF_file_found_not\fP (with error bit) if file at path was not found.
.br
\fBF_input_output\fP (with error bit) on I/O error.
.br
\fBF_loop\fP (with error bit) on loop error.
.br
\fBF_memory_not\fP (with error bit) if out of memory.
.br
\fBF_name\fP (with error bit) on path name error.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
\fBF_read_only\fP (with error bit) if file is read-only.
.br
\fBF_failure\fP (with error bit) for any other error.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2023 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
