.TH f_file_link_hard_at "3" "July 2023" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.6" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_file_link_hard_at
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <file.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_file_link_hard_at\fP(
    \fBconst int               \fP\fIat_id_target\fP,
    \fBconst int               \fP\fIat_id_point\fP,
    \fBconst f_string_static_t \fP\fItarget\fP,
    \fBconst f_string_static_t \fP\fIpoint\fP,
    \fBconst int               \fP\fIflag\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Create a hard link to a file.
.PP
This will not replace existing files/links.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B at_id_target
The parent directory, as an open directory file descriptor, in which target path is relative to.

.TP
.B at_id_point
The parent directory, as an open directory file descriptor, in which point path is relative to.

.TP
.B target
A path that the link points to.

.TP
.B point
A path to the link that does the pointing.

.TP
.B flag
Any valid flag, such as F_file_at_path_empty_d, F_file_at_automount_no_d, or F_file_at_symlink_follow_no_d.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_data_not\fP if target.used or point.used is 0.
.br
\fBF_access_denied\fP (with error bit) on access denied.
.br
\fBF_buffer\fP (with error bit) if the buffer is invalid.
.br
\fBF_busy\fP (with error bit) if file system is too busy to perform write.
.br
\fBF_directory_descriptor\fP (with error bit) when either at_id_target or at_id_point is not a valid file descriptor (at_id must point to a directory).
.br
\fBF_directory_not\fP (with error bit) if a supposed directory in path is not actually a directory.
.br
\fBF_file_descriptor\fP (with error bit) if file descriptor is invalid.
.br
\fBF_file_found\fP (with error bit) if a file aleady exists at the path.
.br
\fBF_file_found_not\fP (with error bit) if a parent path in point does not exist or is a broken symlink.
.br
\fBF_filesystem_quota_block\fP (with error bit) if file system's disk blocks or inodes are exhausted.
.br
\fBF_interrupt\fP (with error bit) when program received an interrupt signal, halting operation.
.br
\fBF_loop\fP (with error bit) on loop error.
.br
\fBF_memory_not\fP (with error bit) if out of memory.
.br
\fBF_name\fP (with error bit) on path name error.
.br
\fBF_number_overflow\fP (with error bit) on overflow error.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
\fBF_prohibited\fP (with error bit) if file system does not allow for creating or linking.
.br
\fBF_read_only\fP (with error bit) if file system is read-only.
.br
\fBF_failure\fP (with error bit) for any other error.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2023 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
