.TH f_file_create_at "3" "July 2023" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.7" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_file_create_at
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/file.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_file_create_at\fP(
    \fBconst int               \fP\fIat_id\fP,
    \fBconst f_string_static_t \fP\fIpath\fP,
    \fBconst mode_t            \fP\fImode\fP,
    \fBconst bool              \fP\fIexclusive\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Create a (regular) file based on the given path and file mode.
.PP
The file will not be open after calling this.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B at_id
The parent directory, as an open directory file descriptor, in which path is relative to.

.TP
.B path
The path file name.

.TP
.B mode
The file mode to open in.

.TP
.B exclusive
If TRUE, will fail when file already exists. If FALSE, will not fail if file already exists.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_data_not\fP if path.used is 0.
.br
\fBF_access_denied\fP (with error bit) on access denied.
.br
\fBF_busy\fP (with error bit) if file system is too busy to perform write.
.br
\fBF_directory_descriptor\fP (with error bit) when at_id is not a valid file descriptor (at_id must point to a directory).
.br
\fBF_directory_not\fP (with error bit) if a supposed directory in path is not actually a directory.
.br
\fBF_file_found\fP (with error bit) if a file was found while exclusive is TRUE.
.br
\fBF_file_open_max\fP (with error bit) when system-wide max open files is reached.
.br
\fBF_filesystem_quota_block\fP (with error bit) if file system's disk blocks or inodes are exhausted.
.br
\fBF_interrupt\fP (with error bit) when program received an interrupt signal, halting operation.
.br
\fBF_loop\fP (with error bit) on loop error.
.br
\fBF_memory_not\fP (with error bit) if out of memory.
.br
\fBF_name\fP (with error bit) on path name error.
.br
\fBF_number_overflow\fP (with error bit) on overflow error.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
\fBF_prohibited\fP (with error bit) if file system does not allow for making changes.
.br
\fBF_read_only\fP (with error bit) if file is read-only.
.br
\fBF_space_not\fP (with error bit) if file system is out of space (or file system quota is reached).
.br
\fBF_failure\fP (with error bit) for any other error.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2023 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
