.TH f_file_role_change "3" "July 2023" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.8" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_file_role_change
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/file.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_file_role_change\fP(
    \fBconst f_string_static_t \fP\fIpath\fP,
    \fBconst uid_t             \fP\fIuid\fP,
    \fBconst gid_t             \fP\fIgid\fP,
    \fBconst bool              \fP\fIdereference\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Change owner and/or group of a given file at the specified path.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B path
The path file name.

.TP
.B uid
The new user id to use. Set to -1 to not change.

.TP
.B gid
The new group id to use. Set to -1 to not change.

.TP
.B dereference
Set to TRUE to dereference symlinks (often is what is desired). Set to FALSE to operate on the symlink itself.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_data_not\fP if either both uid and gid are -1 or path.used is 0.
.br
\fBF_access_denied\fP (with error bit) on access denied.
.br
\fBF_access_group\fP (with error bit) if the current user does not have access to assign the specified group.
.br
\fBF_access_owner\fP (with error bit) if the current user does not have access to assign the specified owner.
.br
\fBF_buffer\fP (with error bit) if the buffer is invalid.
.br
\fBF_directory_not\fP (with error bit) on invalid directory.
.br
\fBF_file_found_not\fP (with error bit) if file at path was not found.
.br
\fBF_input_output\fP (with error bit) on I/O error.
.br
\fBF_loop\fP (with error bit) on loop error.
.br
\fBF_memory_not\fP (with error bit) if out of memory.
.br
\fBF_name\fP (with error bit) on path name error.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
\fBF_read_only\fP (with error bit) if file is read-only.
.br
\fBF_failure\fP (with error bit) for any other error.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2023 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
