.TH UTF8 "1" "January 2023" "FLL - UTF8 0.6.4" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
utf8 \- Convert to byte sequences to or from Unicode codepoints.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B utf8
[\fI\,OPTIONS\/\fR] [\fI\,CHARACTERS\/\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The default behavior is to assume the expected input is byte sequences from the command line to be output to the screen as codepoints.

Multiple input sources are allowed but only a single output destination is allowed.

When using the parameter '\fB\-\-verify\fR', no data is printed and 0 is returned if valid or 1 is returned if invalid.

When using the parameter '\fB\-\-to_combining\fR' with the parameter '\fB\-\-to_width\fR', the '\fBC\fR' character is printed to represent the combining and the digits are used to represent widths.
The combining characters should be considered 1-width by themselves or 0-width when combined.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\{+h, ++help\fR
Print the help message.
.TP
\fB+d, ++dark\fR
Output using colors that show up better on dark backgrounds
.TP
\fB+l, ++light\fR
Output using colors that show up better on light backgrounds.
.TP
\fB+n, ++no_color\fR
Do not print using color.
.TP
\fB+Q, ++quiet\fR
Decrease verbosity, silencing most output.
.TP
\fB+E, ++error\fR
Decrease verbosity, using only error output.
.TP
\fB+N, ++normal\fR
Set verbosity to normal.
.TP
\fB+V, ++verbose\fR
Increase verbosity beyond normal output.
.TP
\fB+D, ++debug\fR
Enable debugging, significantly increasing verbosity beyond normal output.
.TP
\fB+v, ++version\fR
Print only the version number.
.TP
\fB\-b, \-\-from_bytesequence\fR
The expected input format is byte sequence (character data).
.TP
\fB\-c, \-\-from_codepoint\fR
The expected input format is codepoint (such as U+0000).
.TP
\fB\-f, \-\-from_file\fR
Use the given file as the input source.
.TP
\fB\-B, \-\-to_bytesequence\fR
The output format is byte sequence (character data).
.TP
\fB\-C, \-\-to_codepoint\fR
The output format is codepoint (such as U+0000).
.TP
\fB\-O, \-\-to_combining\fR
The output format is to print whether or not character is combining or not.
.TP
\fB\-F, \-\-to_file\fR
Use the given file as the output destination.
.TP
\fB\-W, \-\-to_width\fR
The output format is to print the width of a character (either 0, 1, or 2).
.TP
\fB\-H, \-\-headers\fR
Print headers for each section (pipe, file, or parameter).
.TP
\fB\-S, \-\-separate\fR
Separate characters by newlines (implied when printing headers).
.TP
\fB\-s, \-\-strip_invalid\fR
Strip invalid Unicode characters (do not print invalid sequences).
.TP
\fB\-v, \-\-verify\fR
Only perform verification of valid sequences.
.SH CHARACTERS
.TP
Any number of characters representing either Unicode codepoints or byte sequences.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2023 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
