.TH f_serialize_to_simple "3" "February 2024" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.9" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_serialize_to_simple
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/serialize.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_serialize_to_simple\fP(
    \fBconst f_string_static_t   \fP\fIsource\fP,
    \fBf_string_dynamic_t *const \fP\fIdestination\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Serialized a string using the Simple serialize algorithm.
.PP
The simple Serialize algorithm is akin to the PATH environment variable, example: PATH="/bin:/sbin:/usr/bin".
.PP
To generate the above example, this would be called 3 times, with the following strings: 1) value = "/bin", then: PATH="/bin". 2) value = "/sbin", then: PATH="/bin:/sbin". 3) value = "/usr/sbin", then: PATH="/bin:/sbin:/usr/sbin".
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B source
The string to append onto serialize.

.TP
.B destination
The dynamic string that to store the serialized string. This string will be NULL terminated after destination.used on success. All serialized values are appended to the destination.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_data_not\fP on success and source.used is 0.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: f_string_dynamic_append().
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: f_string_dynamic_append_assure();
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.nh
.ad l
\fIf_serialize_from_simple\fP(3), \fIf_serialize_from_simple_get\fP(3), \fIf_serialize_from_simple_range\fP(3), \fIf_serialize_from_simple_select\fP(3), \fIf_serialize_to_simple\fP(3), \fIf_string_dynamic_append()\fP, \fIf_string_dynamic_append_assure()\fP, \fIf_string_dynamic_append()\fP, \fIf_string_dynamic_append_assure()\fP
.ad
.hy
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2024 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
