.TH f_serialize_from_simple_select "3" "July 2023" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.9" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_serialize_from_simple_select
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/serialize.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_serialize_from_simple_select\fP(
    \fBconst f_string_static_t \fP\fIsource\fP,
    \fBconst f_array_length_t  \fP\fIindex\fP,
    \fBf_string_range_t *const \fP\fIrange\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Deserialize and select the address for a specific string using the Simple serialize algorithm.
.PP
The simple serialize algorithm is akin to the PATH environment variable, example: PATH="/bin:/sbin:/usr/bin".
.PP
After processing the above example, there would be the following positions, for the given index: 1) with index = 0, start = 0, stop = 3. 2) with index = 1, start = 5, stop = 9. 3) with index = 2, start = 11, stop = 18.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B source
A serialized string to deserialize.

.TP
.B index
An index position within the serialize string to get the deserialize positions of.

.TP
.B range
A range within the serialized string representing the string at the given index.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_none_eos\fP on success at end of string.
.br
\fBF_data_not\fP on success and source.used is 0.
.br
\fBF_data_not_eos\fP if end of string reached before index was reached.
.br
\fBF_complete_not_utf_eos\fP (with error bit) if end of string is reached before a complete UTF-8 character can be processed.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2023 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
