.TH fl_string_dynamic_compare_trim_string "3" "February 2024" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.9" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
fl_string_dynamic_compare_trim_string
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_1/string.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t fl_string_dynamic_compare_trim_string\fP(
    \fBconst f_string_t        \fP\fIstring1\fP,
    \fBconst f_string_static_t \fP\fIstring2\fP,
    \fBconst f_array_length_t  \fP\fIlength1\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Compare two strings, similar to strncmp().
.PP
This operates with the first string being a traditional string.
.PP
This does not stop on NULL. NULL characters are ignored. Ignores leading and trailing whitespace.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B string1
String to compare.

.TP
.B string2
String to compare.

.TP
.B length1
The length of string1.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_equal_to\fP when both strings equal.
.br
\fBF_equal_to_not\fP when both strings do not equal.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) from: f_utf_is_combining().
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) from: f_utf_is_whitespace().
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.nh
.ad l
\fIfl_string_compare\fP(3), \fIfl_string_compare_except\fP(3), \fIfl_string_compare_except_trim\fP(3), \fIfl_string_compare_trim\fP(3), \fIfl_string_dynamic_compare\fP(3), \fIfl_string_dynamic_compare_except\fP(3), \fIfl_string_dynamic_compare_except_string\fP(3), \fIfl_string_dynamic_compare_except_trim\fP(3), \fIfl_string_dynamic_compare_except_trim_string\fP(3), \fIfl_string_dynamic_compare_string\fP(3), \fIfl_string_dynamic_compare_trim\fP(3), \fIfl_string_dynamic_compare_trim_string\fP(3), \fIfl_string_dynamic_partial_compare\fP(3), \fIfl_string_dynamic_partial_compare_dynamic\fP(3), \fIfl_string_dynamic_partial_compare_except\fP(3), \fIfl_string_dynamic_partial_compare_except_dynamic\fP(3), \fIfl_string_dynamic_partial_compare_except_string\fP(3), \fIfl_string_dynamic_partial_compare_except_trim\fP(3), \fIfl_string_dynamic_partial_compare_except_trim_dynamic\fP(3), \fIfl_string_dynamic_partial_compare_except_trim_string\fP(3), \fIfl_string_dynamic_partial_compare_string\fP(3), \fIfl_string_dynamic_partial_compare_trim\fP(3), \fIfl_string_dynamic_partial_compare_trim_dynamic\fP(3), \fIfl_string_dynamic_partial_compare_trim_string\fP(3), \fIfl_string_dynamic_partial_fll_identify\fP(3), \fIfl_string_dynamic_partial_rip\fP(3), \fIfl_string_dynamic_partial_rip_nulless\fP(3), \fIfl_string_dynamic_rip\fP(3), \fIfl_string_dynamic_rip_nulless\fP(3), \fIfl_string_dynamic_seek_line_to_utf_character\fP(3), \fIfl_string_dynamic_seek_line_until_graph\fP(3), \fIfl_string_dynamic_seek_line_until_graph_non\fP(3), \fIfl_string_dynamic_seek_to_utf_character\fP(3), \fIfl_string_rip\fP(3), \fIfl_string_rip_nulless\fP(3), \fIfl_string_seek_line_to_utf_character\fP(3), \fIfl_string_seek_line_until_graph\fP(3), \fIfl_string_seek_line_until_graph_non\fP(3), \fIfl_string_seek_to_utf_character\fP(3), \fIf_utf_is_combining()\fP, \fIf_utf_is_whitespace()\fP, \fIf_utf_is_combining()\fP, \fIf_utf_is_whitespace()\fP
.ad
.hy
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2024 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
