.TH fl_string_dynamic_partial_compare_except_dynamic "3" "July 2023" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.6" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
fl_string_dynamic_partial_compare_except_dynamic
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_1/string.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t fl_string_dynamic_partial_compare_except_dynamic\fP(
    \fBconst f_string_static_t \fP\fIstring1\fP,
    \fBconst f_string_static_t \fP\fIstring2\fP,
    \fBconst f_string_range_t  \fP\fIrange2\fP,
    \fBconst f_array_lengths_t \fP\fIexcept1\fP,
    \fBconst f_array_lengths_t \fP\fIexcept2\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Compare two strings, similar to strncmp(), but restricted to the given range for the second string.
.PP
This does not stop on NULL. NULL characters are ignored. All 1-byte characters in except1 and except2 are ignored.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B string1
String to compare.

.TP
.B string2
String to compare.

.TP
.B range2
A range within the string2 to restrict the comparison to.

.TP
.B except1
A set of locations within string1 to ignore. This assumes/requires that the locations be in linear order.

.TP
.B except2
A set of locations within string2 to ignore. This assumes/requires that the locations be in linear order.

.SH RETURN VALUE
\fBF_equal_to\fP when both strings equal.
.br
\fBF_equal_to_not\fP when both strings do not equal.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2023 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
