.TH fll_file_role_change_all "3" "July 2023" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.7" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
fll_file_role_change_all
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_2/file.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t fll_file_role_change_all\fP(
    \fBconst f_string_static_t   \fP\fIpath\fP,
    \fBconst uid_t               \fP\fIuid\fP,
    \fBconst gid_t               \fP\fIgid\fP,
    \fBconst bool                \fP\fIdereference\fP,
    \fBconst f_number_unsigned_t \fP\fIdepth_max\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Change owner and/or group of a given file at the specified path.
.PP
At least one of uid or gid must not be -1.
.PP
If the file is a directory then recurse into that directory and apply mode to all files within.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B path
The path file name.

.TP
.B uid
The new user id to use. Set to -1 to not change.

.TP
.B gid
The new group id to use. Set to -1 to not change.

.TP
.B dereference
Set to TRUE to dereferenc symlinks (often is what is desired). Set to FALSE to operate on the symlink itself.

.TP
.B depth_max
The max recursion depth.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_access_denied\fP (with error bit) on access denied.
.br
\fBF_access_group\fP (with error bit) if the current user does not have access to assign the specified group.
.br
\fBF_access_owner\fP (with error bit) if the current user does not have access to assign the specified owner.
.br
\fBF_buffer\fP (with error bit) if the buffer is invalid.
.br
\fBF_directory\fP (with error bit) on invalid directory.
.br
\fBF_file_found_not\fP (with error bit) if file at path was not found.
.br
\fBF_input_output\fP (with error bit) on I/O error.
.br
\fBF_loop\fP (with error bit) on loop error.
.br
\fBF_memory_not\fP (with error bit) if out of memory.
.br
\fBF_name\fP (with error bit) on path name error.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
\fBF_read_only\fP (with error bit) if file is read-only.
.br
\fBF_failure\fP (with error bit) for any other error.
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: f_directory_is().
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: f_file_role_change().
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: fl_directory_list().
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2023 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
