.TH f_fss_apply_delimit "3" "February 2024" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.9" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_fss_apply_delimit
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/fss.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_fss_apply_delimit\fP(
    \fBf_state_t                \fP\fIstate\fP,
    \fBconst f_fss_delimits_t   \fP\fIdelimits\fP,
    \fBf_string_static_t *const \fP\fIbuffer\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Replace all 1-byte character locations specified by the delimits within the given buffer by a delimit placeholder.
.PP
Any delimits out of range (beyond the buffer.used) are ignored.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B state
A state for providing flags and handling interrupts during long running operations.

.TP
.B delimits
An array of locations containing the delimits to apply within the buffer.

.TP
.B buffer
The string to process.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_data_not\fP on success but buffer.used is 0.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.nh
.ad l
\fIf_fss_apply_delimit\fP(3), \fIf_fss_apply_delimit_range\fP(3), \fIf_fss_count_lines\fP(3), \fIf_fss_count_lines_range\fP(3), \fIf_fss_fail_utf\fP(3), \fIf_fss_fail_utf_to_false\fP(3), \fIf_fss_is_combining\fP(3), \fIf_fss_is_graph\fP(3), \fIf_fss_is_space\fP(3), \fIf_fss_is_zero_width\fP(3), \fIf_fss_seek_to_eol\fP(3), \fIf_fss_skip_past_delimit\fP(3), \fIf_fss_skip_past_space\fP(3)
.ad
.hy
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2024 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
