.TH f_fss_nests_decrease_by "3" "February 2024" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.10" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_fss_nests_decrease_by
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/fss.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_fss_nests_decrease_by\fP(
    \fBconst f_array_length_t \fP\fIamount\fP,
    \fBf_fss_nests_t *const   \fP\fInests\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Resize the nest array to a smaller size.
.PP
This will resize making the array smaller based on (size - given length). If the given length is too small, then the resize will fail. This will not shrink the size to less than 0.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B amount
A positive number representing how much to decrease the size by.

.TP
.B nests
The nests array to resize.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_memory_not\fP (with error bit) on out of memory.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.nh
.ad l
\fIf_fss_items_adjust\fP(3), \fIf_fss_items_decimate_by\fP(3), \fIf_fss_items_decrease_by\fP(3), \fIf_fss_items_increase\fP(3), \fIf_fss_items_increase_by\fP(3), \fIf_fss_items_resize\fP(3), \fIf_fss_nest_adjust\fP(3), \fIf_fss_nest_decimate_by\fP(3), \fIf_fss_nest_decrease_by\fP(3), \fIf_fss_nest_increase\fP(3), \fIf_fss_nest_increase_by\fP(3), \fIf_fss_nest_resize\fP(3), \fIf_fss_nests_adjust\fP(3), \fIf_fss_nests_decimate_by\fP(3), \fIf_fss_nests_decrease_by\fP(3), \fIf_fss_nests_increase\fP(3), \fIf_fss_nests_increase_by\fP(3), \fIf_fss_nests_resize\fP(3)
.ad
.hy
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2024 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
