.TH f_fss_is_combining "3" "July 2023" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.6" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_fss_is_combining
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/fss.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_fss_is_combining\fP(
    \fBf_state_t               \fP\fIstate\fP,
    \fBconst f_string_static_t \fP\fIbuffer\fP,
    \fBconst f_string_range_t  \fP\fIrange\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Identify whether or not a character in the buffer is a combining (ASCII or UTF-8) character.
.PP
This only checks if the given character is a combining character and does not check what this combines into.
.PP
The combining characters combine from right to left. It is recommended to use this after testing for other characters, such as f_fss_is_space() or f_fss_is_graph(). A combining character can follow any character, even if it is something like a control character. This is unclear behavior so a simple strategy is to assume that a combining character results in a graph for anything except a non-combining zero-width character. U+0020 followed by U+0301 would result in the combination of the two being considered a graph rather than a space. Given that NULL characters are ignored by the general FSS standard, combining characters are not considered to combine into NULL.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B state
A state for providing flags and handling interrupts during long running operations.

.TP
.B buffer
The string to process.

.TP
.B range
The character at the start position will be checked against the graph.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_true\fP if the character in the buffer is a combining character.
.br
\fBF_false\fP if the character in the buffer is not a combining character.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.br
Errors (with error bit) from: f_utf_is_combining().
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2023 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
