.TH f_fss_set_adjust "3" "February 2024" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.10" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_fss_set_adjust
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/fss.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_fss_set_adjust\fP(
    \fBconst f_array_length_t \fP\fIlength\fP,
    \fBf_fss_set_t *const     \fP\fIset\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Resize the set array.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B length
The new size to use.

.TP
.B set
The set array to resize.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_memory_not\fP (with error bit) on out of memory.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.nh
.ad l
\fIf_fss_set_adjust\fP(3), \fIf_fss_set_decimate_by\fP(3), \fIf_fss_set_decrease_by\fP(3), \fIf_fss_set_increase\fP(3), \fIf_fss_set_increase_by\fP(3), \fIf_fss_set_quote_adjust\fP(3), \fIf_fss_set_quote_decimate_by\fP(3), \fIf_fss_set_quote_decrease_by\fP(3), \fIf_fss_set_quote_increase\fP(3), \fIf_fss_set_quote_increase_by\fP(3), \fIf_fss_set_quote_resize\fP(3), \fIf_fss_set_quotes_adjust\fP(3), \fIf_fss_set_quotes_decimate_by\fP(3), \fIf_fss_set_quotes_decrease_by\fP(3), \fIf_fss_set_quotes_increase\fP(3), \fIf_fss_set_quotes_increase_by\fP(3), \fIf_fss_set_quotes_resize\fP(3), \fIf_fss_set_resize\fP(3), \fIf_fss_sets_adjust\fP(3), \fIf_fss_sets_decimate_by\fP(3), \fIf_fss_sets_decrease_by\fP(3), \fIf_fss_sets_increase\fP(3), \fIf_fss_sets_increase_by\fP(3), \fIf_fss_sets_resize\fP(3)
.ad
.hy
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2024 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
