.TH f_fss_skip_past_delimit "3" "February 2024" "FLL - Featureless Linux Library 0.6.10" "Library Functions"
.SH "NAME"
f_fss_skip_past_delimit
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <fll/level_0/fss.h>
.sp
\fBf_status_t f_fss_skip_past_delimit\fP(
    \fBf_state_t               \fP\fIstate\fP,
    \fBconst f_string_static_t \fP\fIbuffer\fP,
    \fBf_string_range_t *const \fP\fIrange\fP
);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Skip past all delimit placeholders until a non-delimit placeholder is reached.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B state
A state for providing flags and handling interrupts during long running operations.

.TP
.B buffer
The string to process.

.TP
.B range
The start and stop positions in the buffer being processed. This increments range->start.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
\fBF_none\fP on success.
.br
\fBF_data_not\fP on success but buffer.used is 0, initial range.start is greater than range.stop, or initial range.start is greater than or equal to buffer.used.
.br
\fBF_none_eos\fP on success and EOS was reached.
.br
\fBF_none_stop\fP on success and stop point was reached.
.br
\fBF_parameter\fP (with error bit) if a parameter is invalid.
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.nh
.ad l
\fIf_fss_apply_delimit\fP(3), \fIf_fss_apply_delimit_range\fP(3), \fIf_fss_count_lines\fP(3), \fIf_fss_count_lines_range\fP(3), \fIf_fss_fail_utf\fP(3), \fIf_fss_fail_utf_to_false\fP(3), \fIf_fss_is_combining\fP(3), \fIf_fss_is_graph\fP(3), \fIf_fss_is_space\fP(3), \fIf_fss_is_zero_width\fP(3), \fIf_fss_seek_to_eol\fP(3), \fIf_fss_skip_past_delimit\fP(3), \fIf_fss_skip_past_space\fP(3)
.ad
.hy
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kevin Day.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright \(co 2007-2024 Kevin Day, GNU LGPL Version 2.1 or later.
